Celeste Perosino was investigating possible crimes committed by Argentina’s central bank during the “Dirty War” military dictatorship decades ago before her team was disbanded by the new conservative President Mauricio Macri. Days ahead of President Barack Obama’s arrival in Argentina for a rare visit by a U.S. leader, Perosino scoffs at praise from the White House for Macri as a “strong voice” for human rights. “The decision to shut down the bank’s human rights office was a decision that we see as a form of political and ideological persecution,” Perosino said. She is not the only one concerned. Obama’s visit, which coincides with the March 24 anniversary of the 1976 coup that installed a military junta, initially supported by the United States, has riled victims of the seven-year dictatorship and raised questions about Macri’s credentials as a staunch defender of human rights.  Macri, who took office in December, has said that his leftist predecessor former President Cristina Fernandez’s push to punish military repressors smacked of revenge.  His government’s human rights office held its first meeting with families who suffered at the hands of leftist militants in the 1970s and early ‘80s, rather than victims of the military’s crimes.  Then, in February, the government reinstated the rights of military officials who participated in atrocities to receive treatment in military hospitals. Rights campaigners talk of troubling infringements on civil rights. Macri was criticized for the arrest of a popular community activist and came under fire for the police’s use of rubber bullets against a community group rehearsing for Carnival that included children. The president has also moved to grant police increased powers to shut down public protests. Fernandez was widely praised by human rights groups and the left for re-opening trials dealing with abuses committed during the dictatorship, though right-wing opponents accused her of reopening old wounds.  The security forces killed up to 30,000 people. Many of them were “forcibly disappeared”