Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has effectively split the conservative Tea Party movement, as his fiery campaign draws in followers of the group who had been expected to line up behind Ted Cruz, a more consistent champion of small government. As the Republican race moves to the crucial battlegrounds of Ohio and Florida among three other states on Tuesday, Tea Party support promises to help Trump’s campaign offset its relative lack of on-the-ground organization compared to Texas Senator Cruz, his closest rival nationally. Having loyal Tea Party supporters could also help him fend off moves to block his nomination at the Republican National Convention in July if he falls short of the threshold of 1,237 delegates that would guarantee him the party’s candidacy.  A Reuters review of Trump’s list of 66 Ohio delegates — who would represent him at the nominating convention if he wins the primary and provide crucial support in the event of a contested convention — found that 28 are Tea Party leaders, members or are otherwise linked to the movement, including officials who have been featured speakers at Tea Party events.  Using the same benchmark, 27 of Cruz’s delegates have links with the grassroots group, which sprang to national prominence in 2009 on anger over government bailouts, and demands for tax cuts and less “intrusive” government. Despite Trump’s mixed record as a conservative, the real estate mogul’s promises to shake up Washington, throw out illegal immigrants and tear up “unfair” trade deals have won over many influential Tea Party followers, according to interviews with activists across more than a dozen states. “Trump has never asked me for a dime and being self funded he’s the only one that can blow up the Republican Party establishment,” said Ralph King, a Trump delegate and member of the Cleveland Tea Party.  “If the primaries result in a contested convention, I’m in his corner all the way.” (Graphic showing Trump Ohio delegates with Tea Party links:tmsnrt.rs/1Xr3aZw) Recent polls have shown Trump performing well among voters who identified as Tea Party supporters.  A Feb. 29 CNN poll had 56 percent of Tea Partiers favoring Trump compared to 16 percent for Cruz. A March 9 Quinnipiac University poll had Trump leading Cruz 48 percent to 40 percent among Tea Party voters in Florida, while Cruz led Trump with 38 percent to Trump’s 33 percent in Ohio. “Trump has tapped into Tea Party emotions, gaining the support of many of the most hacked off and motivated voters out there,” said Republican strategist Ford O’Connell. “It was a brilliant move.”  The influence of the amorphous Tea Party has waned nationally, but it remains a potent force in many states through its thousands of committed grassroots activists. For conservative purists, Cruz checks all the right ideological boxes of limited government and lower taxes.  Trump, on the other hand, says he would maintain government programs such as Social Security and has called for higher taxes on the most wealthy Americans. In 2008, he voiced support for the government’s rescue package for major banks. After Trump’s strong showing in a string of states on “Super Tuesday” last month, Jenny Beth Martin — co-founder of a national umbrella group called Tea Party Patriots