U.S. Senator Bob Corker eviscerated President Donald Trump repeatedly on national television on Tuesday, calling him a liar who has debased the country in an extraordinary diatribe against a sitting president by a fellow Republican. Corker, the only Senate Republican not seeking re-election next year, accused the president of telling falsehoods that could easily be proven wrong and of willfully damaging the country’s standing in the world, exposing deepening divisions in the Republican Party under Trump’s White House. “The president has great difficulty with the truth on many issues,” Corker told CNN in the first of a series of interviews at the Capitol hours before Trump was due to meet with senators to seek consensus on proposed tax cuts. “Unfortunately world leaders are very aware that much of what he says is untrue,” said Corker, in the sharpest of his bitter public exchanges with the president in recent weeks.     “Certainly people here are, because these things are provably untrue. They’re just factually incorrect and people know the difference.” Speaking later to reporters, Corker called Trump a bully. Trump hit back on Twitter after Corker’s television interviews, calling the Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman “incompetent” and reprising one of his trademark derisive nicknames.  “He doesn’t have a clue as the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle’ Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back,” Trump tweeted.  Although he is a foreign policy specialist, Corker is also a key player in the tax debate. His support could be crucial as Republicans seek passage of the White House-backed tax plan in the closely divided Senate. [nL2N1MZ0SH] The senator from Tennessee, whose recent announcement he would not seek re-election in November 2018 has freed him from the need to stick to a voter-friendly script, pulled no punches in his onslaught against Trump. He acknowledged that tensions between the two men, once allies, have been building for months. The Trump-Corker clash is the latest to erupt in what has been a sometimes fraught relationship between the president and the politicians who should be his partners in Congress.  Trump pilloried Senate Republicans