A Supreme Court nomination battle that was ignited on Saturday with the death of Justice Antonin Scalia has given Democrats an explosive new issue that could bolster their chances of regaining majority control of the U.S. Senate.  The impact could be felt most acutely in “swing” states, where Republicans are trying to hold onto Senate seats, political strategists and analysts said. The high stakes are also expected to prompt greater voter turnout that could favor Democrats.ALSO ON REUTERS Trump is a ------: White House hopeful plays fill-in-the-blanks with voters Not in my backyard? Mainstream Scandinavia warily eyes record immigration With no clear idea of who President Barack Obama will nominate as Scalia’s replacement, it was way too early to know exactly how this fight will play out in already rollicking presidential and congressional elections.  But, “in this hyper-polarized political environment we are currently operating in, I can only assume the battle over this (court) nominee will dominate the political debate from here on out,” said Jim Manley, a strategist and former top aide to Democratic senators.  Manley noted Republicans are facing tough races for Senate seats in swing states such as Ohio, Florida, New Hampshire, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and could find themselves in even tighter spots because of the divisive fight over Scalia’s replacement.  These Republican candidates, who either already serve in the Senate or are vying for open seats, have to especially thread the needle in their politically divided states on social issues, like abortion rights, that so dominate Supreme Court confirmation fights.  Democrats already enjoyed an advantage in the November Senate elections, having to defend only 10 seats while 24 Republican seats are up for grabs in the 100-member chamber.  Democrats need a net gain of five seats to win back the majority they lost in the 2014 elections.  Just hours after Scalia’s death at the age of 79, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell proclaimed that whoever moves into the White House on Jan. 20, 2017