President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton’s political experience, a boost to her campaign as she battles an insurgent Bernie Sanders a week before the Democratic presidential nominating process kicks off. Obama’s kind words for his former secretary of state, in a  Politico interview published on Monday, will help Clinton as she tries to link her campaign more closely with the president and so draw in more support from his backers. While never explicitly criticizing Sanders, a senator from Vermont whose campaign is focused on pledges to redress social inequality and contain Wall Street excesses, Obama praised Clinton’s experience and suggested several times that Clinton’s messages are grounded in realism. “(S)he’s extraordinarily experienced — and, you know, wicked smart and knows every policy inside and out — (and) sometimes (that) could make her more cautious, and her campaign more prose than poetry,” Obama said. The interview was conducted on Friday and published a week before the Feb. 1 voting in Iowa, which launches the process to pick the parties’ nominees for the November presidential election. Clinton, who lost the Democratic primary to Obama in 2008, was for months the clear front-runner to be the party’s nominee this time around, but opinion polls have showed a surge of support for Sanders in recent weeks. She argues that while Sanders’ goals on issues such as social inequality are laudable, some are unobtainable and he lacks the experience to tackle a wide range of issues. “When you’re in the White House you cannot pick the issues you want to work on, you’ve got to be ready to take on every issue that comes your way, including those you cannot predict,” Clinton told the Jewish Federation of Greater Des Moines on Monday.  In an echo of that point that will be gratifying to the Clinton campaign, Obama said in the Politico interview, “(The) one thing everybody understands is that this job right here, you don’t have the luxury of just focusing on one thing.” “I think that what Hillary presents is a recognition that translating values into governance and delivering the goods is ultimately the job of politics, making a real-life difference to people in their day-to-day lives,” he said. Obama, who remains very popular within the Democratic Party, has said he will not endorse a candidate in the primary but has admitted he is watching closely to see who will succeed him. All three Democrats in the race