As Hong Kong seeks more land to help ease a worsening housing crisis, some lawmakers and activists are urging officials to take a fresh look at little-used swathes of more than $100 billion worth of real estate controlled by the Chinese military. The Hong Kong garrison of the People s Liberation Army (PLA) still occupies some 19 sites across the global financial hub it inherited from the British military when the former colony was handed back to China in 1997. While several sites, such as the high-rise barracks near the Central financial district, are neon-lit and busy, others appear overgrown, rundown and little used, according to Reuters investigations, activists and diplomats monitoring military activity. The parcels range from mansions in the exclusive Peak district and once-luxurious officers  apartments in Hong Kong and Kowloon, to firing ranges and decades-old Nissen huts across the semi-rural New Territories, near the border with mainland China. With Hong Kong property prices at record highs, Denis Ma, head of research at property consultancy JLL, said a mid-range estimate of the total land value could reach HK$1.06 trillion  ($135 billion). Based on the recent sale of a nearby plot, the Central site alone could be worth $29 billion and deliver 4.5 million square feet of floor space if developed into a commercial site. Suitable residential land among the 19 sites could yield 65,000 family-sized apartments, Ma added. Across Hong Kong, the PLA occupies some 2,700 hectares (6,670 acres), according to local government records, nearly half the size of Manhattan. A lack of housing is a source of rising social and political tension in Hong Kong, one of the world s most expensive property markets where owning even a 600-square foot flat is beyond the reach of many families.  A recently formed government task force on land supply acknowledged public calls for some military land to be returned for housing, but its chairman has said their development potential  may not be large .  The task force s initial meetings have instead advocated developing 1,400 hectares of new land through reclamation.  The preference for costly reclamation over re-purposing PLA land has led some to believe the Hong Kong government does not want to confront the Beijing leadership over a potentially sensitive issue of national security. Under the laws that enshrine Hong Kong s freedoms and autonomy, Beijing is given direct control of defense and foreign affairs. Reuters sent questions to Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam, the government s development bureau and the task force. In reply, a spokesman told Reuters the task force would consider ideas from the community,  their facts as well as their pros and cons . It would finalize its recommendations by the end of 2018.  As far as we understand, all existing military sites in Hong Kong are currently used for defense purposes and none is left idle,  the spokesman said, quoting Hong Kong s security bureau. Lawmaker Eddie Chu, part of Hong Kong s democratic opposition, said even though it was common sense to open up some military sites for housing, the local government would likely avoid asking tough questions of Beijing.  The Hong Kong government must know this is a solution, but I expect them to pay lip service to it,  he said. The PLA garrison and China s Defence Ministry did not respond to faxed questions from Reuters.  Security experts say while some PLA presence is a fact of life, the city s defense needs are easily met by Beijing s rapidly modernizing forces