When Cyril Ramaphosa won the tight vote to become the new leader of the African National Congress on Monday after years of near-misses, his loyal supporters jumped to their feet, pumping their fists and cheering. But as the results for other top positions emerged, the cheers quickly evaporated, as it became clear that ANC officials close to President Jacob Zuma would still control important levers of the ruling party. Ramaphosa, who has served as South Africa s deputy president under Zuma since 2014, narrowly defeated former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, Zuma s ex-wife and preferred successor, in the race for the ANC s top job.  Ramaphosa is now within touching distance of becoming president, fulfilling a lifelong ambition for the man Nelson Mandela wanted to be his heir after the end of apartheid in 1994. Markets rallied on Ramaphosa s victory, as investors piled into rand assets on hopes Ramaphosa would follow through on campaign promises to uproot corruption and rekindle economic growth. But the mood in the conference hall in Johannesburg where the ANC s new  top six  most powerful officials were announced told a different story. The Ramaphosa camp fumed that Zuma loyalists David Mabuza and Ace Magashule were named ANC deputy president and secretary general, while Dlamini-Zuma backer Jessie Duarte kept her position as deputy secretary general.   We started on a high note, but as we went down the top six we started having problems. The thing is that Cyril has to work with this collective,  said Sinenhlanhla Xaba, an ANC member from the Soweto township. On Tuesday supporters of Senzo Mchunu, Ramaphosa s pick for secretary general, disputed the vote count that saw him lose out to Magashule, a sign that Ramaphosa s team was trying to gain greater control of the upper echelons of the ANC. Analysts say the slim margin of Ramaphosa s victory will help keep the ANC together but will make it difficult for Ramaphosa to pursue a pro-growth policy agenda, as the ANC faction that backed Dlamini-Zuma and puts greater emphasis on wealth redistribution will wield considerable influence. Any attempt to remove the 75-year-old Zuma as South African president before his second term ends in 2019