South Africa s ANC delegates started voting early on Monday to elect a leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma as head of a party that has ruled since the end of apartheid but has faced scandals and corruption allegations. Whoever emerges at the helm of the African National Congress, a 105-year-old liberation movement that dominates Africa s most industrialized economy, is likely to become the country s next president after elections in 2019. Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma were the only candidates nominated for the ANC leadership at a party conference on Sunday, an election official said. The vote is perhaps the most pivotal moment for the ANC since it launched black-majority rule under Nelson Mandela s leadership 23 years ago. With scandal and graft accusations having tainted Zuma s presidency, the party is deeply divided and its image tarnished at home and abroad.  After procedural delays that held up the start of balloting, the contest remained too close to call. Most grassroots delegates backed Ramaphosa, 65, while Zuma s preferred candidate, his ex-wife Dlamini-Zuma, 68, came second. Ramaphosa drew the majority of nominations from party branches scattered across the country. But the complexity of the leadership race means it is far from certain he will win when the votes are finally counted.  Owing to the delays, the outcome is now expected only on Monday, ANC Deputy Secretary General Jessie Duarte said.  We don t rush results; we would like them to do a thorough and proper job,  she said. The ANC said 4,776 delegates would be allowed to vote.   Voting for the #ANC National Officials has begun,  the ANC said on its Twitter feed. As well as electing a new leader, candidates for senior posts like deputy president, chairman, secretary general and others were also nominated. The ANC will also set policy priorities for the run-up to the 2019 election. Under ANC rules, a majority of nominations at the branch level is not the same as the most votes at the conference, and delegates are not bound to vote for a particular candidate. How the delegates do cast their ballots may also be subject to vote-buying and intimidation