The European Union agreed on Friday to move Brexit talks onto trade and a transition pact but some leaders cautioned that the final year of divorce negotiations before Britain s exit could be fraught with peril. EU leaders, who had offered British Prime Minister Theresa May a rare summit round of applause over dinner in Brussels the night before, took just 10 minutes to agree that she had made  sufficient progress  on divorce terms last week and to give negotiators a mandate to move on to the main phase of talks.  This is an important step on the road to delivering the smooth and orderly Brexit that people voted for in June of last year,  May said outside her home in Berkshire, southern England.  There is still more to do but we re well on the road to delivering a Brexit that will make Britain prosperous, strong and secure,  May said, reassuring her party s ardent Brexit supporters that departure is certain on March 29, 2019. Summit chair Donald Tusk said the world s biggest trading bloc would start  exploratory contacts  with Britain on what London wants in a future trade relationship, as well as starting discussion on the immediate post-Brexit transition. A transition period is crucial for investors and businesses who fear that a  cliff-edge  Brexit would disrupt trade flows and sow chaos through financial markets.  The head of the EU executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, cast May as a  tough, smart, polite and friendly negotiator    a polite nod to a woman facing ferocious and complex pressures at home, whose downfall Brussels fears would complicate talks further. Juncker, a veteran premier of Luxembourg, knows  what it s like to be a prime minister in trouble , one EU official said. While there was a  sigh of relief  at the summit table that Brexit talks can move forward, EU leaders said talks on a future free trade pact will not begin until after March   a date underlined by  guidelines  that set out how to proceed as Britain seeks to unravel more than 40 years of membership. The talks will be tough.   We have made good progress, the second phase of talks can start,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.  But this will mean even tougher work