Britain and the European Union struck a divorce deal on Friday that paves the way for talks on trade, easing pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May and boosting hopes of an orderly Brexit. British business groups broadly welcomed the progress and urged swift progress toward a formal transition agreement that would preserve existing trading relations until a new deal is struck. BRITISH CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE DIRECTOR GENERAL ADAM MARSHALL  Businesses will be breathing a sigh of relief that  sufficient progress  has been achieved. After the noise and political brinksmanship of recent days, news of a breakthrough in the negotiations will be warmly welcomed by companies.  Business will particularly cheer the mutual commitment to a transition period to support business confidence and trade, and will want the details confirmed swiftly in the new year.   For business, a swift start to trade talks is crucial to upcoming investment and growth decisions. Companies all across the UK want absolute clarity on the long-term deal being sought, and want government to work closely with business experts to ensure that the details are right.   CONFEDERATION OF BRITISH INDUSTRY DEPUTY DIRECTOR GENERAL JOSH HARDIE  Today s announcement will lift spirits in the run-up to Christmas. Sufficient progress is a present (businesses) have spent months waiting for.  It s now time to focus on the true prize of a new relationship and a deal that starts from 40 years of economic integration.  There are two things that are top of the list. First is the final step for those EU citizens working here, and UK citizens abroad. It must be unequivocal that they are welcome, whatever the final deal. This cannot be their second Christmas where their rights are dependent on negotiations.   Next is transition. Concrete assurances will build confidence and help firms across the UK and Europe to pause their contingency planning.  TheCityUK FINANCIAL SERVICES TRADE BODY CEO MILES CELIC  This agreement in principle between the UK and the EU to move beyond phase one is a positive and encouraging step.  For the financial and related professional services industry, our critical issues must now be progressed.   The sand in the timer is running out