The threat of new U.S. sanctions has spread anxiety among Russia s wealthiest people that their association with President Vladimir Putin could land them on a U.S. government blacklist, members of the business elite say. The list, to be drawn up by early next year, is part of a sanctions bill passed overwhelmingly by Congress soon after Donald Trump became president and reluctantly signed by him on Aug. 2 despite his avowed wish to improve ties with Moscow. Although those included on the list would not automatically be sanctioned, six people who are part of the business elite or close to the Kremlin said it was a major concern because the criteria for inclusion and the consequences were unclear.  People are on edge,  said a senior figure in a major Russian company.  If they classify you as close to Putin, just try proving it s not the case,  the figure said.  The Americans  tactics are clear: they need to cause pain in all ways possible for those who support Putin.  While most of the business elite remains loyal to Putin, the prospect of personal sanctions   which can prevent travel abroad or access to foreign bank accounts and freeze foreign assets   has prompted some to steer clear, the sources said. A billionaire businessman who has sat on panels of business leaders with Putin and in the front row of the audience when Putin addressed conferences has adjusted his diary to avoid such occasions, a source who works closely with him said.  He s simply been trying lately to show up less next to Putin,  said the source, who spoke on condition neither he nor his boss be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic.  Because it s not clear on what basis there could be sanctions. You get the impression anyone could get hit.  A source in the entourage of a second Russian billionaire said several oligarchs had chosen the tactic of keeping a low profile to avoid inclusion in the list. One billionaire businessman in the top 100 of wealthiest Russians spoke to Reuters in person. He said he could not get any clarity from his Russian political contacts about the threat. Asked what steps he could take to protect himself if he was included on a U.S. sanctions blacklist, he said:  There s no way. You have to leave.  He did not say where he would go. Unusually for one of Russia s billionaire class   a group that presents itself as loyal to the Kremlin