In the 1990s he was the burly, brash general leading nationalist Bosnian Serbs towards a seemingly sweeping victory in Bosnia s war. Two decades later, he was reduced to an ailing old man trying in vain to delay judgment for genocide in a U.N. court. On Wednesday, the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) convicted Ratko Mladic, 74, in one of the highest profile war crimes cases since the post-World War Two Nuremberg trials of Germany s Nazi leadership.  Radovan Karadzic, political leader of Bosnia s Serbs in the 1992-95 war, and Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, who armed and funded Bosnian Serb forces, were tried on the same charges. The ICTY convicted Karadzic in 2016 and jailed him for 40 years. Milosevic died in his cell in 2006 before his trial ended.  Defiant until the close of his five-year trial, Mladic  desperately tried to postpone the verdict. His lawyers persistently accused the ICTY of denying him proper medical care. They asked for him to be treated in Serbia or Russia, but were rebuffed. Prosecutors demanded a life sentence for the man who critics called the  Butcher of Bosnia . His lawyers called for his acquittal and release, arguing he never approved mass killings of Muslim or Croat civilians in Bosnia s vicious, often neighbourhood war and was a victim of Western anti-Serb bias.  Mladic said he wanted to be remembered as a defender of Serbs in a struggle for survival against Muslims dating back centuries, and made urgent by a Muslim-Croat vote for Bosnia s independence from Serbian-led Yugoslavia in 1992.  I am General Ratko Mladic. The whole world knows who I am,  he told a pre-trial hearing in 2011.  I am here defending my country and people, not Ratko Mladic.     Mladic was charged with genocide for the slaughter of 8,000 unarmed Bosnian Muslim men and boys rounded up in the town of Srebrenica, and his forces  43-month-long siege of Sarajevo in which thousands of civilians were killed by artillery, mortar, tank and sniper fire from the rugged hills ringing the capital. From the time of his ICTY indictment in mid-1995, before the war ended, it took 17 years to bring him to trial in The Hague