Zimbabwe s top general said on Monday talks were planned between President Robert Mugabe and former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking by the 93-year-old leader two weeks ago triggered a coup. General Constantino Chiwenga, head of the armed forces and leader of the takeover codenamed  Operation Restore Legacy , told a media conference he was encouraged by contact between the two men and Mnangagwa would be back in the country soon.  Thereafter, the nation will be advised on the outcome of talks between the two,  he said, reading from a statement. Earlier, Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF resolved to bring a motion in parliament on Tuesday to impeach Mugabe, after a noon deadline expired for the besieged leader to resign and bring the curtain down on nearly four decades in power. Impeachment could see Mugabe kicked out in days and would be an ignominious end to the career of the  Grand Old Man  of African politics, once lauded as an anti-colonial hero. In the draft motion, the party accused Mugabe of being a  source of instability , flouting the rule of law and presiding over an  unprecedented economic tailspin  in the last 15 years. It also said he had abused his constitutional mandate to favor his unpopular wife Grace, 52, whose tilt at power triggered the backlash from the army that brought tanks onto the streets of the capital last week. Mnangagwa s removal was meant to boost her chances of succeeding her husband. On paper, the impeachment process is long-winded, involving a joint sitting of the Senate and National Assembly, then a nine-member committee of senators, then another joint sitting to confirm his dismissal with a two-thirds majority. However, constitutional experts said ZANU-PF, in revolt against Mugabe, could push it through quickly.  They can fast-track it. It can be done in a matter of a day,  said John Makamure, executive director of the Southern African Parliamentary Support Trust. Mugabe s demise, now apparently inevitable, is likely to send shockwaves across Africa. A number of entrenched strongmen, from Uganda s Yoweri Museveni to Democratic Republic of Congo s Joseph Kabila, are facing mounting pressure to step aside. Mugabe was once admired as the  Thinking Man s Guerrilla , a world away from his image in his latter years as a dictator who proudly declared he held a  degree in violence . As the economy crumbled and opposition to his rule grew in the late 1990s, Mugabe tightened his grip in the southern African country of 16 million, seizing white-owned farms, unleashing security forces to crush dissent and speaking of ruling until he was 100. ZANU-PF s action follows a weekend of high drama in Harare that culminated in reports Mugabe had agreed to stand down