U.S. financier George Soros on Monday denounced a Hungarian government campaign against him as  distortions and lies  designed to create a false external enemy. Soros, 86, is a Hungarian-born Jew whose longtime support for liberal and open-border values in eastern Europe have put him at odds with right-wing nationalists, in particular the government of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban. Orban, who faces elections in April 2018, last month sent to voters seven statements attributed to Soros that, among other things, called for the European Union to settle a million migrants a year and pay each of them thousands of euros.  The statements ... contain distortions and outright lies that deliberately mislead Hungarians about George Soros s views on migrants and refugees,  said a statement issued by Soros s Open Society Foundations.  With Hungary s health care and education systems in distress and corruption rife, the current government has sought to create an outside enemy to distract citizens. The government selected George Soros for this purpose,  it said. The ruling Fidesz party s vice chairman said Soros was engaged in a  frontal assault  against Hungary.  What Soros writes about immigration, in general, is a pro-immigration stance that is open about its disdain for the nation state,  Gergely Gulyas told a news conference.  Decisions made in Brussels echo that in the field of immigration policy.   Days before a recent immigration decision in the European Parliament Soros was meeting with the rapporteur on the subject as well as five different EU commissioners. I am not a conspiracy theorist but this holds some clues.  Soros said each of the seven statements was a distortion or lie, refuting them one by one. It said Soros proposed admitting an annual 300,000 refugees to the EU only while strengthening European border controls and making migrant relocations within the bloc voluntary, not mandatory as Budapest asserted. It said Soros proposed no payments to migrants, rather EU subsidies to member states to help them cope with migration. To three other proposals attributed to Soros