Germany s would-be coalition partners continued talks on Friday after all-night negotiations failed to produce a breakthrough, with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives saying they would compromise further on climate change policies to secure a deal. The conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens remained divided on climate policy and immigration, but agreed to press on past their self-imposed deadline into the weekend. Party leaders on Friday discussed their different stances on foreign, defense, trade and European policy in various formats and they were expected to continue on Saturday, haggling about climate protection, immigration, transport and agriculture. Speaking to reporters when she arrived for the talks in the morning, Merkel said:  I go into these negotiations with the intention, despite all the difficulties, of carrying out the task voters gave us of forming a coalition... It will be tough, but it s worth going into round two.  Volker Kauder, the parliamentary floor leader of her Christian Democrats (CDU), said they were prepared to compromise further on reducing emissions from coal-fired power stations to assuage Green concerns.  I feel readiness by all sides and everyone has to make concessions,  he told reporters as officials scheduled further talks to run to Sunday afternoon.  I believe that the exploratory talks must end this weekend.  Failure to agree could lead to new elections, something the mainstream parties fear could lead to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) making further gains after surging into parliament in September. A new election could also weigh heavily on the euro. Merkel could still approach her previous coalition partner, the Social Democrats (SPD), but they have said they want to stay in opposition after suffering their worst election result since 1933 in the Sept. 24 poll. A third option, a government without a parliamentary majority, would be unprecedented in Germany s post-war history. Merkel has been forced to explore the tricky option of a three-way  Jamaica coalition