It was early morning last Thursday when Pauline Hanson s rented  battler  bus started hissing so loudly the election campaign was halted at a petrol station on a stretch of desolate highway near a remote edge of Australia. Unable to get to the rural Queensland state voters she is relying on to deliver her anti-immigration One Nation party its best result in two decades, her supporters came to her. Stranded near the gemstone-mine town of Marlborough, with a population of just a few hundred, Hanson was approached by truckers and travelers, most seeking to get a picture taken with her.  I was actually stopping to get something to eat, and as I was looking across I went,  Oh there s the  battler  bus, I ll have to go say hello to Pauline,  said truck driver Shane Williams, who came over to look at the engine.  I think immigration is a big thing for everybody. I think it s going to be a good thing if Pauline gets some say in parliament   keep the bastards honest.  Hanson is not a candidate in the Queensland state election on Nov. 25, having last year re-entered the federal parliament on a wave of popular support after a near two-decade absence.   But her face is on almost every One Nation party billboard and flyer in Queensland s coal-rich and sugar cane-growing heartland, turning the vote into a test of whether Hanson s resurgence continues, or is pushed back to the fringes.     To Australia s most prominent right-wing nationalist it s not about joining a global populist push; it s that the rest of the world is finally catching up.  I was espousing a lot of this 20 years ago,  Hanson told Reuters in the sunny tropical town of Townsville, a gateway to the Great Barrier Reef marine park.  U.S. President Donald Trump s election victory a year ago, however,  is resonating across the world,  she added.  This is definitely the start. People are starting to wake up. You see people had no one else really to vote for.       With its blown turbo hose fixed, Hanson s bus rolled down the road, three hours behind schedule, stopping at several towns before arriving at a town hall-style event that evening more than 400 kilometers (249 miles) away. Hanson s town halls are a mix of stump speech and off-the-cuff observations, usually involving  battler  stories she s heard from locals on the campaign trail: Claims that foreigners are buying up agricultural land and immigrants are not paying taxes; complaints about crippling energy prices and government handouts to Aboriginals; support for a ban on Muslim migrants. Hanson s rhetoric can be blunt, and draws almost instant condemnation in the cities, where she s often viewed as extreme. But in her rural heartland, where one town can be in drought while another gets hit by cyclonic floods, she is the mainstream.   She s the only one trying to save our country really,  said 20-year-old Jack Roach in Proserpine, a sugar-cane town of 3,500 in Queensland. Polls suggest One Nation might take around 20 percent of the popular vote in Queensland, Australia s third-most populous state, and situated in the northeast. That would mark its biggest electoral success since the 1990s. It s unclear, however, whether that will translate into more than a handful of seats among the 93 parliamentary seats at stake in the election. On the hustings, support appears very strong in towns beyond the black stump