The Kremlin wants good news.  The Russian leadership has told major companies to supply it with news stories that put its stewardship of the country in a positive light, according to documents seen by Reuters.  A seven-page document spelled out the kind of articles required, with a focus on new jobs, scientific achievements and new infrastructure, especially those involving state support. It also detailed how the stories should be presented, and gave a weekly deadline for submissions.  The instructions were sent last month by the energy ministry to 45 companies in Russia s energy and utilities sector including Rosneft, Lukoil and Novatek, according to a second document, a list of recipients. The drive coincides with the run-up to a presidential election in March next year when President Vladimir Putin needs a strong mandate with high turnout to maintain his firm grip on power after dominating Russian politics for two decades.  Life for the majority of people has become calmer, more comfortable, more attractive. But many such examples often escape the media s attention,  said the first document.  Our task, through a creative and painstaking approach, is to select such topics and subjects and offer them to the media.  That document, which did not mention the election, said the news items to be supplied were to feed a  positive news wire  and should correspond to two themes:  Life is getting better  and  How things were; how they are now . Both documents were attached to an invitation, dated Oct. 9, sent by the energy ministry to senior executives in the public relations and government relations departments of the firms, of which 17 are state-controlled and 28 privately-held. The invitation requested they send representatives to an Oct. 12 meeting at the ministry in Moscow to discuss how to help the government s PR effort.  Reuters saw a copy of the invitation and spoke to three executives who received it. According to the invitation, the news initiative was requested by Sergei Kiriyenko, the first deputy chief of staff in the presidential administration.  A spokesman for Kiriyenko did not respond to a request for comment. The energy ministry also did not respond, nor did Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov.  Reuters sent requests for comment to the biggest five companies out of the 45, by market value