The European Union told Britain on Friday to spell out what it will pay Brussels for when it leaves the bloc in 2019 or face more delay in talks on future trade ties that are vital for British business. After negotiations in Brussels, the first in a month, Brexit Secretary David Davis said during a news conference with his EU counterpart Michel Barnier it was time for  political discussions  to break a deadlock that has left both sides frustrated about a lack of progress.  Political  talks has in the past been code for Prime Minister Theresa May addressing fellow EU leaders directly, over the heads of Barnier and the EU executive, in order to square a circle in which Brussels will not address the future without a firm line from London on settling what the EU sees as past debts and May will not settle without assurances about future trade. May is due at a Brussels summit on Dec. 14-15 but EU officials insist that any breakthrough must be agreed at lower level first and weeks in advance to let the other 27 members agree a joint position. Progress in December is important for May as businesses seek clarity by the new year, when many will take investment decisions dependent on conditions after Brexit. A British budget due on Nov. 22 will, however, complicate the task for May in persuading hardline Brexit supporters of any need to meet Brussels  demand for tens of billions of euros to cover liabilities incurred in 44 years of EU membership.  Barnier stressed that he was not looking for a number from London but for a clearer undertaking than May gave in September on how far Britain would  honor its obligations .  It is absolutely vital if we are to achieve sufficient progress in December,  Barnier told reporters, adding not all details had to be settled but there needed to be  sincere and real progress . The clarifications should come within the next two weeks, Barnier said:  If that s not the case, then we will continue and that will pull back the opening of discussions on the future.  He said progress had to be made on all three key issues of the divorce talks