They came in boats, others on flimsy rafts, some even swam. Around 750 Rohingya Muslims made their escape from Myanmar on Friday to reach Bangladesh, where the greatest danger is malnutrition and disease in teeming refugee camps. Over 613,000 Rohingya have already taken refuge in the camps since a Myanmar military clearance operation forced them to abandon their villages in northern Rakhine State. Rohingya who have reached Bangladesh have recounted horror stories of rape and murder. A top U.N. official described the military s actions as  ethnic cleansing , though Myanmar denied that, saying its operation was needed for national security after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts on Aug. 25. Aung San Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of Myanmar s less than two-year-old administration, was in Vietnam on Friday, attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit. She was expected to hold talks with several leaders on the sidelines of the gathering, including Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Having won the Nobel Peace Prize for defying the generals who ruled predominantly Buddhist Myanmar with an iron fist for nearly half a century, Suu Kyi s reputation as a stateswoman has suffered due to her failure to speak out more strongly over the Rohingya crisis. Under a constitution written before the junta gave way, the civilian administration still has to share power with the generals, and has little say over defense and security issues. Still, leaders at APEC, and two other regional summits to be hosted by the Philippines in the coming days, are expected to exert pressure on Suu Kyi to do more to stem the crisis. And on Wednesday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with Suu Kyi in Naypyitaw, the Myanmar capital, with senators back in Washington pressing to impose sanctions targeting the military. International Rescue Committee, the leading aid agency headquartered in New York and led by former British foreign minister David Miliband, reckoned that up to two-thirds of the  300,000 Rohingya remaining in Myanmar will join the exodus to Bangladesh in the coming months. The IRC in a statement highlighted the extremely dangerous health conditions for Rohingya living in camps in the port city of Cox s Bazar. A nutrition survey led by its partner Action Contre la Faim had found 40,000 Rohingya children faced malnutrition and required life-saving assistance. It said 95 percent of the population was drinking contaminated water