When they met at U.S. President Donald Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in April, China s President Xi Jinping found a way to charm the mercurial former real estate mogul. Trump hailed the  good chemistry  of the sunny summit in Florida and predicted  lots of very potentially bad problems will be going away.   The  bromance  is set to continue when Xi returns the favor by laying on a lavish welcome for Trump s visit starting on Wednesday. Xi has grown more powerful since their last meeting, while Trump is under a political cloud after his former campaign manager was indicted in an intensifying investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.   Chinese experts say Beijing has learned to manage Trump, a real-estate mogul who had never held elective office before becoming president, and whose administration in its first 10 months has been turbulent.   China has an objective view of him. We re going to make him feel comfortable,  said Wang Yiwei, a professor of international relations at Renmin University.  He may end up being re-elected. We need to look at this from a long-term perspective, and not view him as an  other  or a joke.  Trump clearly respects Xi. In a congratulatory phone call, Trump hailed the  extraordinary elevation  of Xi, whose political thoughts were enshrined in the Communist Party s constitution last month during a congress marking the start of his second term.  Aboard Air Force One on his way to Asia, Trump cited record stock market levels, low unemployment and Islamic State  virtually defeated in the Middle East  as evidence of his own success.  (Xi) knows that and he respects that,  Trump said, adding trade is still an irritant in ties.  I think he s viewing us as very, very strong and also very friendly. Look we have to do better with trade with China because it s a one way street right now. It has been for many years. And we will.   STATE-PLUS  China s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, said Trump will receive a  state visit-plus  experience in Beijing. It s unclear what the  plus  means. Trump is expected to go to the Forbidden City and participate in an inspection of Chinese troops, though China has released few other details. The  protocol will let Trump  rejoice in grandiosity , important to keeping relations stable, said Teng Jianqun, head of American Studies at Foreign Ministry think-tank China Institute for International Studies.  We must seize upon his special characteristics, such as liking instant gratification, and set up some things that bring immediate results,  he said. On the commercial front, that means a slew of deals