From William Pitt to Winston Churchill, Britain s finest prime ministers have risen to greatness in the Palace of Westminster, heightening its reputation as one of the world s most respected parliaments. But with nine centuries of history come traditions, and a culture that is now under fire for concentrating power in the hands of lawmakers who can make or break the careers of aides, interns and party activists. The resignation of Britain s defense minister, who admitted repeatedly touching a radio presenter s knee in 2002, and a series of accusations against other members of parliament, from alleged extramarital affairs to sexual assaults, have prompted calls for change. Parliament is an  old and famous  institution, said Brendan Chilton, a Labour activist and general secretary of Labour Leave, a pro-Brexit group.  However it has in recent years become a den of vice. We should all seek to make parliament the envy of the world again.  The ornate Palace of Westminster, beside the River Thames in the heart of London, is home to both the upper and lower houses of parliament and is seen by some historians as one of the  birthplaces of modern democracy.  But allegations about British politicians, many of them unsubstantiated, have surfaced since sexual abuse claims against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted women and men in British politics to share stories about improper behavior.  Claims of sexual harassment have prompted some newspapers to refer to parliament as  Pestminster . Michael Fallon resigned as defense minister on Wednesday  over past behavior he said had fallen  below the high standards we require of the armed forces .   Two more ministers are under investigation by the governing Conservative Party into allegations of inappropriate behavior and the opposition Labour Party and Scottish National Party are  looking into similar reports about party members. AWE-INSPIRING The Palace of Westminster s debating chambers, its lavish tea rooms and its maze of corridors with portraits of long-gone politicians and prime ministers can inspire and confuse in equal measure.  Like a self-contained village, it has it own post office, hairdresser, gym, restaurants and bars. There is little reason to leave and for many workers, days are spent in its offices and evenings are spent in its bars.  Drinking culture is both fun and a bit depressing,  one parliamentary researcher wrote on the Glassdoor website where employees and former employees anonymously review companies and their management.  You will miss out on networking if this is not something you want to do.   It is a heady mix, and many relationships have grown in an environment where people work closely together, and often under pressure, for long hours. But the allegations that have surfaced in recent weeks also depict it as an environment where inappropriate behavior is widespread and a laddish culture, where what one person sees as a joke is offensive to another, prevails. The accusations describe parliament as a place where careers of researchers, interns and aides can be decided by the member of parliament or minister they work for