The United States is quietly pursuing direct diplomacy with North Korea, a senior State Department official said on Tuesday, despite U.S. President Donald Trump s public assertion that such talks are a waste of time. Using the so-called  New York channel,  Joseph Yun, U.S. negotiator with North Korea, has been in contact with diplomats at Pyongyang s United Nations mission, the official said, at a time when an exchange of bellicose insults between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has fueled fears of military conflict. While U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Oct. 17 said he would continue  diplomatic efforts ... until the first bomb drops,  the official s comments were the clearest sign the United States was directly discussing issues beyond the release of American prisoners, despite Trump having dismissed direct talks as pointless. There is no sign, however, that the behind-the-scenes communications have improved a relationship vexed by North Korea s nuclear and missile tests, the death of U.S. university student Otto Warmbier days after his release by Pyongyang in June and the detention of three other Americans. Word of quiet engagement with Pyongyang comes despite Trump s comments, North Korea s weapons advances and suggestions by some U.S. and South Korean officials that Yun s interactions with North Koreans had been reined in.  It has not been limited at all, both (in) frequency and substance,  said the senior State Department official.     Among the points that Yun has made to his North Korean interlocutors is to  stop testing  nuclear bombs and missiles, the official said. North Korea this year conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear detonation and has test-fired a volley of missiles, including intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that, if perfected, could in theory reach the United States mainland. The possibility that Pyongyang may be closer to attaching a nuclear warhead to an ICBM has alarmed the Trump administration, which in April unveiled a policy of  maximum pressure and engagement  that has so far failed to deter North Korea. At the start of Trump s presidency, Yun s instructions were limited to seeking the release of U.S. prisoners.      It is (now) a broader mandate than that,  said the State Department official, declining, however, to address whether authority had been given to discuss North Korea s nuclear and missile program. In Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China welcomed any dialogue between the United States and North Korea.  We encourage North Korea and the United States to carry out engagement and dialogue,  Hua told reporters, adding that she hoped talks could help return the issue to a diplomatic track for resolution.  NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg has urged all United Nations members to fully and transparently implement sanctions against North Korea, which he said has emerged as a global threat. Speaking at the United Nations on Sept. 19, Trump vowed to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies, raising anxieties about the possibility of  military conflict. Twelve days later, after Tillerson said Washington was probing for a diplomatic opening, Trump said on Twitter that his chief diplomat was  wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man