A fringe group of hard-line conservatives who long for the way things were under communist China s founding leader, Mao Zedong, have welcomed President Xi Jinping s  new era  of socialism and its renewed emphasis on equality.  Their enthusiasm only goes so far, though. They don t want to put Xi on the same pedestal as Mao. At the ruling Communist Party s leadership conclave that wrapped up this week, Xi laid out a confident vision for a proud and prosperous China, with the party firmly in control, and cemented his authority as the country s most powerful leader since Mao took power in 1949 and declared the founding of modern China. Delegates praised Xi using Mao-era honorifics, and he became the first serving Chinese leader since Mao to have a named ideology written into the party charter, signaling that it will be in effect beyond his second five-year term, which began this week.  Their similarity is that they both want to rejuvenate the Chinese nation, they both want an independent, powerful, new China,  Song Yangbiao, a Beijing-based neo-Maoist freelance journalist, told Reuters.  Chairman Mao freed the Chinese people from the oppression of the West, while Xi Jinping has dedicated himself to giving new China a greater voice on the global stage,  he said. But Song said that it was  not realistic  to revive Mao s party chairman title and confer it on Xi. That elevation is a possibility that has been floated, according to some sources with ties to the leadership.  Chairman Mao s authority was built from a long and arduous struggle. Xi s power came from the bureaucracy in a time of peace. The history is totally different,  he said. Some mainstream party cadres at the congress did not have such reservations. Many called Xi a wise and great  lingxiu , or leader, an honorific only used for Mao Zedong and his short-lived successor Hua Guofeng. Bayanqolu, party chief of northeastern China s Jilin province, went so far as to call Xi  party helmsman , a term not in general use in senior Communist Party circles since Mao, who was called the  Great Helmsman .   Accepting Xi as a powerful leader, accepting him as the most powerful leader since Mao, is a necessary trait of Xi s new era,  said Sima Nan, a television pundit, blogger and defender of Mao and the Communist Party.  Look at how much he has said, how much he has written, how many people he has met