Britain wants an outline agreement with the European Union by the end of March 2018 on the transitional arrangements that will apply temporarily after it leaves the bloc, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday. Davis was addressing confusion caused by Prime Minister Theresa May this week over the exit timetable, but he then  stumbled into a new row about when lawmakers would get to vote on a final deal. His department later issued a clarification. May is seeking a so-called implementation period of around two years after Britain s exit from the EU in March 2019, during which its access to the EU single market would stay largely unchanged while new arrangements are put in place.  I would be aiming to get certainly the outlines of it agreed, if we could, in the first quarter (of 2018) ... but it s a negotiation,  Davis told a parliamentary committee. Earlier this week May unnerved corporate executives, keen to know the trading rules they will face, by saying any transitional deal would not be agreed until the entire exit agreement was sealed, more likely towards the end of 2018. Last week EU leaders said at a summit that they would begin preparations to move into  phase two  of the Brexit negotiations in December, a step forward that would allow London to discuss its future trade relationship with the bloc. Davis said he expected to receive guidance from the EU on its approach to a transitional period by December, and that a deal allowing Britain to maintain conditions similar to the status quo would be struck quickly afterwards. However, having reassured businesses on the trade deal, Davis then angered lawmakers by suggesting the EU would push negotiations right up to the end of March 2019, meaning parliament might have to vote to approve the exit deal after Britain had already departed the bloc. Political opponents accused the government of trying to subvert democracy by not giving parliament a proper say. A spokeswoman for Davis  department later issued a clarification, saying the government was working to get the final deal agreed by October 2018 and that it intended to give lawmakers a vote before Britain left.  This morning the Secretary of State (Davis) was asked about hypothetical scenarios. (Chief EU negotiator) Michel Barnier has said he hopes to get the deal agreed by October 2018 and that is our aim as well,  the spokeswoman said.    May is already facing a rough ride in parliament on her minority government s key piece of Brexit legislation, which is on hold while ministers plow through hundreds of proposed amendments