With some nursing wounds, others jailed and many heading abroad, Venezuela s young opposition supporters are demoralized by the ruling socialists  shock election win this month, after prolonged protests failed to oust President Nicolas Maduro. Having for months led rallies and battles against Maduro s security forces in which scores died, youth demonstrators reluctantly abandoned the streets as the opposition turned its attention to the Oct. 15 gubernatorial vote. Though the opposition looked set to win comfortably due to public anger over food and medicine shortages, plus soaring inflation, the government took 18 of 23 governorships.     That left thousands of young protesters furious and disillusioned with opposition leadership. Many had vigorously opposed participating in the election because it would legitimize what they see as a dictatorship.   We have been betrayed,  said graphic designer Manuel Melo, 21, who lost a kidney when hit by a water cannon jet.  The political opposition does not represent us,  he added, in his small bedroom in a poor neighborhood of the teeming capital Caracas. A stylized picture of a heart emblazoned one wall of the room, while a gas mask, used to protect him from tear gas during the unrest, adorned the other. Melo and many others now see the protests, which left 125 people dead and thousands wounded or in jail, as a waste of time.  They have little stomach to return to the fight and view the leaders of the opposition Democratic Unity (MUD) coalition as traitors for abandoning the streets in favor of a ballot they believe was rigged by the pro-Maduro election board. Their disillusionment heightened this week when four of the five winning opposition governors with the Democratic Action party broke ranks with the coalition to swear themselves in before an all-powerful legislative superbody that Maduro s foes had vowed never to recognize. That set off a round of unseemly in-fighting and recriminations within the opposition, with heavyweight leader Henrique Capriles saying he would abandon the coalition while Democratic Action leader Henry Ramos remained a member.  I m totally dejected because after all these protests, the election, nothing has changed,  said student Javier Lara, 18, who watched a fellow protester die in unrest in the volatile city of San Cristobal on the border with Colombia. Like many young Venezuelans, Lara now plans to head abroad as soon as possible