Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has been removed as a goodwill ambassador, the World Health Organization said on Sunday, following outrage among Western donors and rights groups at his appointment. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus named Mugabe to the largely ceremonial post at a meeting on Wednesday in Uruguay on chronic diseases attended by both men.  At the time, Tedros praised Zimbabwe as  a country that places universal health coverage and health promotion at the center of its policies to provide healthcare to all . But Tedros said in a statement that he had listened to those expressing concerns and heard the  different issues  raised.  Over the last few days, I have reflected on my appointment of H.E. President Robert Mugabe as WHO Goodwill Ambassador for NCDs (non-communicable diseases) in Africa. As a result I have decided to rescind the appointment,  Tedros said. The decision had been taken after consultation with the Harare government and was  in the best interests of the World Health Organization , he said. Jeremy Farrar, a global health specialist and director of the Wellcome Trust charity and the NCD alliance, representing health groups combating chronic diseases, welcomed the reversal.  Dr Tedros deserves all our support to ensure he and WHO build a global health movement that is inclusive and works to improve health for everyone,  Farrar said in a statement.  Zimbabwean Foreign Minister Walter Muzembi accepted the move while insisting that WHO had  benefited tremendously  from having nominated Mugabe and the media buzz it brought to health issues.  So on the balance, it is wiser to let go, and help WHO focus on its mandate while we focus Zimbabwe on its membership obligations,  Muzembi said in a government statement. Several former and current WHO staff had said privately they were appalled at the  poor judgment  and  miscalculation  by Tedros, elected the first African head of WHO in May. Mugabe was head of the African Union when the bloc endorsed Tedros