The Kurdish independence vote championed by their leader Masoud Barzani was a gamble that may have made his quest for a homeland more elusive than ever.  The Sept 25 vote won overwhelming backing for secession but has raised the possibility of a new civil war in Iraq that could draw in regional powers. Baghdad says the vote is illegal.  Just a few months ago, the Iraqi army, Kurdish fighters, known as the Peshmerga, and Iranian-backed Shi ite paramilitary forces worked together to defeat Islamic State in Mosul. But that cooperation was short-lived and on Monday Iraqi forces seized Kirkuk   an important oil town for the OPEC producer that is also considered by the Kurds to be the heart of their homeland. Iran and Turkey oppose Kurdish independence and Shi ite militias funded by Tehran are gaining influence across Iraq. Meanwhile divisions between the two parties in the ruling Kurdish coalition have deepened.  Kurds have been managing these areas since the fall of (Iraqi President) Saddam (Hussein) in 2003 and to change the situation in an instant will make the whole situation as if it is sinking into quicksand,  said Baghdad-based analyst Jasim al-Bahadli, an expert on Shi ite armed groups. He said the Shi ite paramilitary groups  presence in areas that used to be controlled by Kurds will help create tensions that could lead to a long-term conflict.  Sensitivities could develop into hostilities that could spark a civil war,  he said.  Barzani and his Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) have defended the referendum.   It was the right move. No one will stop us from achieving independence,  his spokesman Vahal Ali said.  But not all of Iraq s Kurds, who fought a bloody civil war amongst themselves in the 1990s, supported the idea, raising doubts over the management of any independent state.     The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) said the KDP, who make up the coalition, were putting Kurds at risk because of strong opposition to the vote, including from key ally the United States.    The Peshmerga General Command in the KDP stronghold of Erbil accused Iran, a historical ally of the PUK, of helping Iraqi forces launch the offensive in the Kirkuk area.  Unfortunately some of the PUK officials betrayed Kurdistan by being part of the plan by abandoning key fronts and leaving ,  said the Peshmerga statement.  This plot will fail and the will of our people will prevail.  Ali Akbar Velayati