She has earned a reputation as Europe s chief crisis manager. Now Germany s Angela Merkel must forge a government out of an awkward group of allies bent on nailing down a coalition deal so tight it risks limiting her room to act if crisis strikes again. The chancellor goes into talks this week about forming a government. But her task, already tough after she lost ground in a Sept. 24 national election, is all the harder after defeat in a regional vote on Sunday further weakened her hand. The upshot is that she must draw on all her consensus-building skills to form a ruling alliance of her conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens. The terms of a coalition deal, should one be reached, could determine Merkel s room for maneuver on both the domestic and international stage.  During her 12 years in power, she has been able to steer Europe through its euro zone and refugee crises, in part due to her dominance at home. Any constraints on her ability to swiftly shape and enact policies could compromise Germany s leadership role.  If the three party groups fail to reach a deal at all, some in their ranks fear this could lead to public disenchantment and fuel further support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which entered parliament for the first time last month.  The combination of the groups going into coalition talks is untested at national level and Merkel s would-be allies are not guaranteeing success. The chancellor s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian allies meet the FDP and Greens separately on Wednesday before they all meet on Friday.  Now we must gauge whether a platform for common policy can be found. For me, that is undecided,  FDP leader Christian Lindner told Deutschlandfunk radio on Tuesday. Adding to the complications, the CDU, FDP, and Greens want to put any deal to their grassroots party members for approval. FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki has said  it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas .  One major area of contention is immigration policy. The CDU and their conservative Bavarian allies, the Christian Social Union (CSU), have agreed a limit of 200,000 a year on the number of migrants Germany would accept on humanitarian grounds.  But the other parties reject a cap and instead favor an immigration law with criteria to attract highly educated workers to plug skills shortages. They say the CDU/CSU migrants agreement should not be baked into a coalition deal. Juergen Trittin of the Greens said pressure on the conservative bloc to shift right