A close ally of President Xi Jinping is expected to be promoted to vice chairman of China s Central Military Commission, four sources said, as Xi cements his control over the armed forces. Zhang Youxia, 67, one of just a few senior military officers with combat experience, is tipped to become one of at least two vice chairmen of the commission, the sources, including three with direct ties to the leadership, told Reuters. Xi is chairman of the commission, which has overall control of the People s Liberation Army, as well as the nation s president and general secretary of the Communist Party of China. Zhang would replace Fan Changlong, who is expected to retire during the 19th Communist Party Congress which begins on Wednesday. The other vice chairman, Xu Qiliang, is expected to stay on, the sources said. Both Xi and Zhang are from the northwestern province of Shaanxi and both are children of former senior officials who fought together in the civil war in the 1940s. China s Defence Ministry did not respond to a faxed request for comment. The party has been studying a proposal to increase the number of vice chairmen on the military commission from two to four and reduce the number of other committee members, currently eight, some of the sources said. Xi has shaken up the commission and military since assuming power late in 2012 as he roots out corruption and streamlines the 2 million-strong armed forces, the world s largest. Some 300,000 troops have been laid off and advanced new equipment such as stealth fighters has been developed. While China has not fought a war in decades, it is taking an increasingly assertive line in the disputed East China Sea and South China Sea, as well as over self-ruled Taiwan, which is claimed by China. Two outgoing members of the commission are currently under investigation for suspected graft, sources have told Reuters, though the government has yet to confirm this.  It isn t the first time the military has faced corruption issues. A previous vice chairman, Guo Boxiong, was jailed for life for graft last year, while another former vice chairman, Xu Caihou, died of cancer in 2015 before he could face trial over alleged corruption. Zhang is currently the eighth-ranked member of the 11-man military commission. Zhang is also expected to be promoted to the Communist Party s 25-member Politburo, one of its elite ruling bodies, three of the sources said. One source with ties to the leadership said that the fathers of Xi and Zhang