Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) defeated Angela Merkel s conservatives in a vote in the northern state of Lower Saxony on Sunday, a setback for the chancellor as she prepares for tricky coalition talks at the national level this week. The SPD, which has governed the swing state home to carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) with the Greens for four years, won 37.3 percent, well up from 32.6 percent in the last election there in 2013, according to projections on public broadcaster ARD. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) took 33.4 percent of the vote in the rich agricultural state which has around six million eligible voters, down from 36 percent in 2013. Disgruntled with Merkel s liberal migrant policy, Germans abandoned her party in droves in September s national election to hand the conservatives their worst result since 1949. If confirmed, Sunday s result would be the poorest showing for the CDU in Lower Saxony in 58 years, further weakening Merkel as she tries to put together an alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Those parties will this week begin discussions about entering a marriage of convenience untested at the federal level that could drag into 2018. Peter Tauber, the CDU s secretary general, said all three parties involved in national coalition talks had lost support in Lower Saxony, but dismissed the idea that the state vote would have a big impact on the talks.  It wouldn t be wise to think this will weigh us down,  he said.  We have a clear mandate and we take that very seriously and we are talking about serious and important topics ... that s why we re now talking seriously and looking forward.  The projections showed the environmentalist Greens, currently junior coalition partner to the SPD in Lower Saxony, on 8.9 percent. The liberal Free Democrats (FDP) won 7.4 percent. Both performed considerably worse than in 2013. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) cleared the 5-percent threshold to enter parliament with 6.2 percent