After a series of setbacks for far-right parties in Europe this year, Austria s anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) delivered one of its strongest performances ever in an election on Sunday and could rejoin the government after a 12-year absence. Early projections showed the center-right People s Party (OVP), led by Sebastian Kurz, had won the most votes in Austria, with about 31 percent. The FPO was vying with the center-left Social Democrats (SPO) for second place, with both parties between 26-27 percent. Kurz could now look to form a coalition with the FPO, which was last part of a government in Austria between 2000 and 2005. Below are key take-aways from the Austrian vote and its implications for Europe. THE FAR-RIGHT IS NOT DEAD There was a temptation after the Dutch and French elections this year to declare an end to the far-right populist wave in Europe. But last month s German election, which saw the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party surge into the Bundestag, and now the Austrian election, say otherwise. Despite a hard shift right by the conservative OVP under Kurz, the FPO appeared close to the all-time high of 26.9 it won in 1999. That result paved the way for it to enter government, a move which prompted a horrified European Union to impose sanctions against Austria. If the FPO enters the government this time, expect little more than a whimper. The Austrian result showed that the refugee crisis of 2015 has left deep scars among European voters, especially in countries that were at the center of the storm. The number of asylum seekers entering Austria has fallen sharply over the past year. But migration was the dominant theme in the election.  The German election brought populism back to the center of the debate and the Austrian election will strengthen that,  said Cas Mudde, an expert on far-right politics at the University of Georgia. CENTER-RIGHT AND FAR-RIGHT CONVERGE The Austrian election showed that the lines between Europe s center-right and far-right parties are blurring, with mainstream conservatives adopting a much tougher tone on immigration, Islam and domestic security. Austria s Kurz is the poster-child for this shift and his success could encourage other centrist parties in Europe to adopt the same strategy. During the campaign Kurz denounced the  welcoming culture  towards refugees of 2015, said migrants rescued in the Mediterranean should be returned to Africa and promised to slash the benefits for newly arrived migrants.  We see Kurz as a model for conservatives in Germany,  a senior figure in Bavaria s Christian Social Union (CSU) told Reuters.  We applaud him. He will change the dynamic in Europe.  After bleeding support to the AfD in the German vote, the CSU is promising a far harder line on immigration