Dinner at the Barcelona home of Catalonia-born Montserrat Armisen, an independence supporter, can be a tense affair.   He criticizes us and doesn t let us eat in peace,  said Armisen of her husband, Gustavo Gomez, a Colombian who favors keeping the Spanish state intact, and their children, Jordi, 18, and Nicolas, 27.  We go to our protests, return and don t say anything, but he just carries on,  said Armisen, 55.  It bothers us because there is no respect for us from his part.   For many in Spain, the Catalonia crisis that threatens to fracture the country is also tearing at ordinary families and evoking painful memories of Spain s 1936-39 civil war.  The prospect that Catalonia, a former principality which prides itself on its distinct language and culture, might break away has created divisions across Spanish society, from the kitchen table to the soccer pitch. Many in Spain regard Catalan secessionists as a noisy minority whose national identity is built on a misreading of history, ungrateful to a Spanish state that has underwritten the region s peace and prosperity. In their turn, some secessionists decry unionists as  fascists , harking back to dictator Francisco Franco, who suppressed Catalan language and traditions after his forces won the civil war until his death in 1975. Most Catalans backed the Republican side against Franco.  Small groups of far-right activists have taken part in recent anti-independence protests, with a few giving fascist salutes or carrying the flag of the Falange, the dominant party under Franco. Neo-fascists are disowned by the vast majority of those who want to keep Spain intact but their appearance in public shows how the Catalonia crisis has reopened some of Spain s deepest and most painful wounds.  If I say things I am called a fascist,  said Armisen s husband, Gomez, 58, who has lived in Barcelona with his family for a decade.  Telling them they should not be independent is not being a fascist. Everything that has been done, in my view, is completely illegal,  he told Reuters Television, adding that his wife had even asked him to leave home