Japan s Yuriko Koike says she went into politics to be a player, not a bystander. Now Tokyo s first female governor is shaking things up as her new  Party of Hope  challenges Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 poll, called by the Japanese leader to seek a fresh mandate after nearly five years in office. When the Berlin Wall dividing East and West Germany was breached in 1989, Koike was a 37-year-old TV announcer. Three years later, she ran for parliament.  The world was changing immensely, so I went from news presenter to newsmaker. I decided Japanese politics was moving too slowly and rather than be an outside critic, I should become ... a player on the inside,  Koike told Reuters in an interview. Koike, who defied Abe s party last year to run for governor, isn t seeking a seat in parliament s lower house herself, but is the driving force   and public face   of her upstart party. In many ways, Koike is a paradox, interviews with people who know her and a review of her career show. She s a global thinker with a nationalist tinge; an entrepreneurial outsider who climbed the ladder with help from old-boy mentors, and a risk taker who has balked at perhaps her biggest gamble by declining to run in the national election now. Koike has made no secret of her ambition to be Japan s first woman  prime minister   her pet female terrier is nicknamed  So-chan    a diminutive for  sori  or  premier  in Japanese. She has already cracked a few glass ceilings. She became the country s first female defense minister in 2007, although stepped down after 55 days after a tussle with a top bureaucrat. She was also the first woman to run for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party s top leadership post in 2008, but came in a distant third. Koike comes from a business family in western Japan, a background that sets her apart from many Japanese politicians, including Abe, who are scions of blue-blood political dynasties.   Her origins may account for a style that admirers say has more in common with venture capitalists than staid lawmakers.   She s not afraid to take initiatives, which in most of Japan is deeply frowned upon,  said a person who has known her for 25 years and advises on financial reforms.  In Japan, it s subtlety within riddles, but she s blunt.  Koike has a talent for political marketing