Seeking to win Saudi Arabia s agreement to a U.N. investigation into alleged war crimes in Yemen, the Netherlands revised a proposed resolution late on Thursday, the eve of a crucial vote that will determine if there is tough outside scrutiny of Yemen s war.  The Dutch revision submitted to the U.N. Human Rights Council, circulated just in time for debate on Friday morning, called for an  international eminent group of experts  to carry out an inquiry.  The earlier version had asked for an  international commission of inquiry,  the gold standard for U.N. human rights investigations since a landmark report by a U.N. commission of inquiry into North Korea in 2014. It was not immediately clear if the call for an eminent group of experts would be accepted by Saudi Arabia, which has in previous years convinced the U.N. Human Rights Council that an internal Yemeni investigation is more appropriate. Saudi Arabia and its allies have been bombing the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in Yemen since the Houthis seized much of the country s north in 2015.  U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has pleaded with the council s 47 member countries to launch an independent investigation into the war, which has killed thousands, ruined the economy and pushed millions to the brink of famine. Riyadh says the coalition is fighting terrorists and supporting Yemen s legitimate government, but Zeid s office has said Saudi-led air strikes cause the majority of civilian casualties.  A panel set up by the Saudi-led coalition to investigate civilian casualties found its air strikes were largely justified. The last-minute Dutch amendment came after France, not currently a member of the council, pushed for a compromise.   We are working in particular to narrow positions on the international dimension of the investigation mechanism on the violation of human rights committed in Yemen,  French Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters. The French statement appeared to echo Britain and the United States, which want to see consensus around a single resolution.  We believe that there is room to satisfy everybody,  said a French diplomatic source, denying that Paris was seeking to weaken the text. Two diplomatic sources said the Dutch had been under great pressure to back down.  In a letter seen by one of the diplomats, Saudi Arabia