Organizers of pop concerts and some other big events are increasingly wary of including Malaysia on their itineraries, as the cancellation of a beer festival due to take place next month highlighted growing intolerance toward activities regarded as insulting to Islam by some Muslim groups. The promoters say that international music stars, especially those known for risqu  lyrics or revealing clothing, are unlikely to be brought to Malaysia as part of regional or global tours. The same goes for any gatherings that could in any way be deemed un-Islamic. While such concerns have been building for some time in this majority Sunni Muslim nation, the organizers say that the atmosphere has become particularly difficult in the past year.  The politicization of Islam has increased as Prime Minister Najib Razak s ruling party seeks to appease more-fundamentalist elements to secure its large, rural Malay vote bank ahead of an election expected in the coming months. A United Nations cultural rights expert warned in a report last week that there is growing pressure to adopt a more narrow interpretation of the Islamic religion and identity in Malaysia, which excludes the country s cross-cultural history, marginalizes religious minorities, and fails to take account of the diversity of Malay Muslims.  Of course it does affect the overall attractiveness of Malaysia being a venue for artists, events or festivals to be held. With artists  touring of Southeast Asia, Malaysia will not be the first choice for any act to tour,  said Darren Choy, the chairman of the Recording Industry Association of Malaysia who also heads the Malaysian unit of American entertainment and record label group Warner Music.  It may end up being the last to be considered, or not at all,  he added.   The Malaysian government did not respond to requests for  comment for this story.   The popular Better Beer Festival 2017, which has been held for the past five years, was unexpectedly called off last week after the Kuala Lumpur city council banned the October 6-7 event. The ban followed protests by the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS), who said the event would turn the capital into  the largest vice center in Asia.  The beer festival s organizers said that authorities called it off  due to the political sensitivity surrounding the event .  Police said later that it was canceled because of the threat of a militant attack. PAS said on Thursday it has now also filed an objection over plans to host next month the annual Oktoberfest beer festival in the Petaling Jaya area of the capital. The party said in a statement that it was its  social responsibility  to oppose alcohol festivals. Also last week, after rumors that a gay party was being planned for Kuala Lumpur, the government issued a ban notice, and ordered immigration officers to deny entry to anyone planning to attend either that or the Better Beer Festival. The gay party organizers said they only ever intended to hold the party in Thailand, not Malaysia. Enforcement authorities last month launched a probe into the Kuala Lumpur chapter of Atheists Republic, a Canada-based organization. A minister in Najib s cabinet said later that Muslim apostates should be  hunted down vehemently . Malaysia has already made international headlines this year for barring the screening of the 2017 edition of Disney s  Beauty and the Beast  due to a  gay moment  in one scene. The film was eventually released after local distributors asked the censor board to review the decision. Shortly after, the catchy summer dance song  Despacito  was taken off state radio and television stations after complaints that the lyrics were obscene.   For some years it has been getting more difficult for international pop stars who wish to make appearances in Malaysia. In 2013, a concert set to be performed by musical artist, Kesha, was banned. In the past, artists such as Beyonce have canceled performances in Malaysia due to restrictions over costumes and dancing. A concert by American pop star Selena Gomez was only allowed in July 2016 after assurances that she would cover herself up. But fear of trouble at the concert