Frequent breakdowns of advanced uranium enrichment devices have inadvertently helped Iran comply with restrictions in the international agreement curbing its nuclear program, according to a new report by a Washington-based think tank. Iranian compliance also is due to tougher policing by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration of the 2015 pact to prevent Tehran from developing nuclear weapons, the Institute for Science and International Security said in a report due on Friday. A copy of the report was seen by Reuters.  Iran can be expected to continue to push the deal s limits, commit violations and seek interpretations that are unfounded,  the report said.  One should expect many struggles to keep Iran within the nuclear limits for the duration of the deal.  For those reasons and because Tehran is unlikely ever to build a financially viable uranium enrichment plant, an expansion of Iran s program would either be a  colossal waste of money ... or the basis of a nuclear weapons program, which would not care about costs,  the report said. Washington and its negotiating partners in the agreement should find a way to make the deal s restrictions permanent or  severely  extend their expiration times, it said. Under the deal between Iran, Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States, Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for the lifting of economic sanctions that had crippled its economy.     The report comes as Trump weighs whether to certify to Congress that Iran is complying with the agreement. He has until Oct. 16 to make that decision.  Decertifying Iran could lead Congress to reimpose U.S. sanctions on Iran, threatening to collapse the deal and intensify tension in the Middle East. Supporters of the deal, called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, insist that strong international monitoring will prevent Iran from developing nuclear bombs. Iran has denied that it is seeking nuclear weapons.   The International Atomic Energy Agency, which monitors the pact, has found no  material breaches  by Iran, a judgment with which Washington has concurred. Tehran has exceeded some deal restrictions, such as a limit on its heavy water stockpile, used in nuclear reactors, the Institute for Science and International Security said in a November 2016 report. But it either rectified some infractions or won exemptions