The head of a new Pakistani Islamist party that lionizes the killer of a provincial governor said it would take its rallying cry of  death to blasphemers  to next year s general election, after its surprisingly strong showing in a recent vote. The Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan party, which won more than 7,000 votes at a weekend by-election, was born out of a protest movement supporting Mumtaz Qadri, a bodyguard of the governor of Punjab province who gunned down his boss in 2011 over his call to reform strict blasphemy laws. Supporters of Tehreek-e-Labaik waved photos of Qadri, who became an icon for Muslim hardliners after his execution last year, at campaign rallies in the eastern city of Lahore, where it won 6 percent of the vote in a contest for the seat vacated by ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.  He is a hero,  party leader Khadim Hussain Rizvi said when asked about Qadri, adding that after its third-place finish in Sunday s by-election it would focus on next year s poll.  Our preparation starts from today. We will contest bravely.  While the party has almost no chance of gaining power next year, it is part of a new crop of political movements that espouse stricter Islamic rule as a remedy to corruption accusations and squabbling among Pakistan s three main parties. A stronger showing for Islamists could give them more influence after the election, expected to be hard-fought after the Supreme Court barred Sharif from holding office. In an interview with Reuters, Rizvi outlined his vision of governance according the Barelvi branch of Islam, of which he is a prominent cleric. Frequently citing Koranic verses and Pakistani history, he said his party could solve corruption problems  in a day  through stricter adherence to sharia, or Islamic law.  Sharia will have to be enforced. No one should be worried about it,  he said, sitting in the upper room of a Lahore mosque surrounded by followers, many who had adopted Qadri s signature look of long hair and kohl-lined eyes. He acknowledged his vision would mean some changes to daily life, giving the example of barring women from working as airline flight attendants. In its party platform, Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan calls for free education, free healthcare and social justice. But it is best known for its public and passionate support for Mumtaz Qadri