A bipartisan push in the Senate to protect undocumented people who immigrated to the United States as children is gaining momentum as lawmakers try to wrap up negotiations, Republican Senator Jeff Flake said on Tuesday. Both Republican and Democratic senators said a deal would include measures to improve border security, something which Republicans have repeatedly stressed is a priority and which Democrats have said they would meet as part of a deal. President Donald Trump said in September he was terminating the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, and he challenged Congress to come up with legislation to protect around 700,000 “Dreamers” from the threat of deportation. Trump’s Democratic predecessor, President Barack Obama, created DACA by executive order. “We’re still working ... we’re very close” to an agreement, Flake, one of a few Republicans and Democrats in the Republican-controlled Senate leading the effort, told reporters.  Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, speaking on the Senate floor on Tuesday said, “We are in the process of negotiating with Republicans to provide a significant investment in border security in exchange for DACA. These talks continue to progress, and I’m hopeful we can reach an agreement.”      Trump said the current program will be terminated in March, but already some participants have seen their enrollments expire. Trump’s tone toward Dreamers has varied. While he has vowed “a great love” for these youths, on Saturday he referred to them as “criminal aliens.” The president would have to sign off on legislation before it could become law. Democrats in Congress have been pushing to attach legislation restoring the immigration program to a must-pass spending bill either later this month or sometime next month. Another Republican active in the effort, Senator Thom Tillis, also was upbeat. “When we sit down and talk (with bipartisan groups of senators) we see that we’re not that far apart,” Tillis said in a brief interview on Monday night. But Tillis said additional law enforcement efforts in the interior of the country