In campaigning for a Pakistan by-election seen as a test of support for ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, the most visible figure is not on the ballot: Sharif s daughter, Maryam, widely touted as his political heir-apparent. This past weekend, crowds mobbed Maryam s car and threw rose petals as she crisscrossed the eastern city of Lahore campaigning for her mother, Kulsoom, who is the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party s candidate to contest the seat Nawaz was forced to vacate by a Supreme Court ruling in July. With Kulsoom in London for cancer surgery, accompanied by Nawaz, 43-year-old Maryam has led the campaign with fiery speeches denouncing Nawaz s opponents and the Supreme Court. Her influence within the PML-N has grown in recent years, with senior party figures crediting her with Nawaz s move to embrace relatively more pro-women and liberal causes in a staunchly conservative nation of 208 million people. In a rare interview with foreign media, Maryam outlined to Reuters what drives her political ambitions as she emerges from her father s shadow to become a prominent figure in the ruling party he still controls.  I m proud to be the torch bearer of ideology which PML-N has,  Maryam said at the weekend in Punjab s provincial capital Lahore, her father s electoral power base.  I am (Nawaz s) reflection, I am his extension. I have grown up espousing his agenda, his ideology.  Maryam has framed the election as a chance for voters to protest the Supreme Court s verdict against her father and help the PML-N flex its electoral muscle.  Your vote was disrespected and disregarded, will you answer to this disrespect on Sept. 17?  Maryam asked at a recent rally. The by-election is seen as a litmus test for the PML-N s political fortunes in the wake of Nawaz s ouster, and an early indicator of voter sentiment ahead of a general election next year. Opposition leader Imran Khan, on the ascendancy after Nawaz s ouster, and eager to make inroads into the PML-N s political heartlands in Punjab, has accused Maryam of benefiting from alleged corruption swirling around her father, and cast the by-election as a plebiscite on corruption.  This election will decide where the people of Pakistan stand,  Khan, the leader of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party, told crowds in Lahore last week. The PML-N made Maryam