Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has invited bondholders to unspecified  negotiations  over the country s foreign debt in coming days, in response to recent U.S. financial sanctions.  With Venezuela deep in recession and its currency reserves at their lowest in more than two decades, the Maduro government and state oil company PDVSA have to pay about $4 billion in debt and interest during the rest of 2017.      All bondholders are invited to various rounds of negotiations over the next few weeks,  the president said in a speech late on Thursday to the new Constituent Assembly. He reiterated Venezuela would keep honoring debt, but said he wanted to talk with bondholders affected by sanctions recently imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump.  Maduro said Vice President Tareck El Aissami, already under U.S. financial sanctions over drug trafficking allegations, and Finance Minister Ramon Lobo would coordinate talks and some  bilateral conversations  with bondholders had already begun. In the same speech, Maduro said Venezuela would seek to  free  itself of the U.S. dollar and  implement a new system of international payments  using currencies such as the yuan, yen, rupee, euro and ruble. The president did not, however, specify whether paying in a different currency was an option his government wanted to discuss with bondholders. The Washington-based Institute of International Finance, which represents large banks and financial institutions, said it was advising a group of holders of Venezuelan bonds.  This informal group will take note of the Venezuelan announcements and discuss how to proceed,  IIF Executive Managing Director Hung Tran told Reuters. The group was made up of bondholders from the United States and elsewhere, he said. Tran said Venezuela could not change the currency of bonds without agreement by all or a large majority of holders. Last month, Trump, who brands Maduro a  dictator,  signed an executive order that prohibits Americans from dealing in new debt issued by the Venezuelan government or PDVSA. That could complicate any debt refinancing attempts. Washington has also sanctioned PDVSA s finance boss Simon Zerpa, meaning U.S. businesses are barred from dealing with him, and even Maduro himself in measures intended to punish the Venezuelan government for alleged corruption and rights abuses.   I will be announcing Venezuela s definitive response to the financial aggression we