Critics of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen have grown used to following upstart news service Fresh News to find out what the government s next target might be. From treason accusations against detained opposition leader Kem Sokha to the tax demand against the now-shuttered Cambodia Daily to allegations against the recently expelled U.S. National Democratic Institute, it was on Fresh News first. Its rise, just as pressure is growing on more critical media, reflects a shift in control of information in the run-up to next year s general election at the same time as a crackdown on Hun Sen s opponents.  If any news needs to be reported, I may contact the prime minister or the prime minister may contact me,  37-year-old Fresh News chief executive Lim Chea Vutha told Reuters. Lim rejected accusations it publishes unsubstantiated reports to serve the government s interest and said it was just ambitious to break news the same as any major news agency. Cambodia has long had one of Southeast Asia s most open media environments, but journalists with publications critical of the government say work is becoming tougher than during any period of Hun Sen s more than three-decade rule.  This means an imbalance of information,  said Pa Nguon Teang, head of the partly EU-funded Voice of Democracy radio station, banned from broadcasting to its estimated 7.7 million listeners last month and now trying to publish via Facebook. Eighteen other radio stations were ordered off air while channels were also forbidden from rebroadcasting the U.S.-funded Voice of America and Radio Free Asia. The Cambodia Daily newspaper, whose editor described it as  a burr in Hun Sen s side  since it was started 24 years ago, was forced to close by a crippling $6.3 million tax bill   news of which first appeared on Fresh News.  The three-year-old publication also published the video that formed the basis for arresting opposition leader Kem Sokha for treason charges his lawyers dismiss as nonsense.  It s not fresh news, it s not even fake news, it s bad news