Israel attacked a military site in Syria s Hama province early on Thursday, the Syrian army said, and a war monitoring group said the target could be linked to chemical weapons production.  The air strike killed two soldiers and caused damage near the town of Masyaf, an army statement said. It warned of the  dangerous repercussions of this aggressive action to the security and stability of the region .  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the war, said the attack was on a facility of the Scientific Studies and Research Centre, an agency which the United States describes as Syria s chemical weapons manufacturer. It came the morning after U.N. investigators said the Syrian government was responsible for a sarin poison gas attack in April.  Syria s government denies using chemical arms. In 2013 it promised to surrender its chemical weapons, which it says it has done.  The Observatory said strikes also hit a military camp next to the center that was used to store ground-to-ground rockets and where personnel of Iran and its ally, the Lebanese Hezbollah group, had been seen more than once.  An Israeli army spokeswoman declined to discuss reports of a strike in Syria. Syria s foreign ministry has sent letters to the U.N. Security Council protesting against Israel s  aggression  and saying anyone who attacked Syrian military sites was supporting terrorism, Syrian state TV reported. In an interview in Israel s Haaretz daily last month on his retirement, former Israeli air force chief Amir Eshel said Israel had hit arms convoys of the Syrian military and its Hezbollah allies nearly 100 times in the past five years.  Israel sees red lines in the shipment to Hezbollah of anti-aircraft missiles, precision ground-to-ground missiles and  chemical weapons.     The reported attack took place on the 10th anniversary of Israel s destruction of a nuclear reactor in Syria.   Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to address the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 19, and is widely expected to voice Israel s concern over what it sees as attempts by Iran to broaden its military foothold in Syria and threats posed by Hezbollah Israeli officials have said that Russia, another ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and Israel maintain regular contacts to coordinate military action in Syria.  Some Israeli commentators saw the latest strike