Germany sought to cool tempers over Turkey s EU accession prospects on Monday after Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Social Democrat (SPD) rival both said in a TV debate the country had no place in Europe, drawing charges of populism from Ankara. The Turkish Foreign Ministry, while making no direct threat to back out, reminded Germany of an agreement between Ankara and the EU that has stemmed a flood of migrants from conflict zones reaching Europe, not least Germany, via Turkey. Merkel appeared bounced into sharpening her rhetoric on Turkey during Sunday s debate when her main challenger Martin Schulz vowed to stop Ankara s bid to join the EU if he were elected chancellor. Merkel, who has been at odds with President Tayyip Erdogan on many fronts over the last year, at first rejected such a direct approach but returned to the matter later, saying  the fact is clear that Turkey should not become a member of the EU . Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin, on his Twitter feed, accused mainstream German politicians of  indulgence in populism .  It is not a coincidence that our president Erdogan was the main topic of the debate,  he said, suggesting they were simply diverting attention from more serious political problems.  Germany and Europe s attacks on Turkey/Erdogan...are reflections of the narrowing of their horizons.  The exchange inflamed ties with Ankara already strained by  Erdogan s crackdown on opponents following a failed coup in July last year. Twelve German citizens, four with dual citizenship, have been detained in Turkey on political charges. The German government said on Monday one person had been released. Last month, Erdogan said Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Schulz s SPD and the Greens were all  enemies of Turkey  and encouraged Turkish voters in Germany not to vote for them. Merkel s spokesman, Steffen Seibert, sought to take the heat out of the accession question on Monday, stressing that it was not a pressing matter for Berlin and would be discussed by EU leaders only at a summit in October.  So the issue will only be up for debate after the Bundestag election,  he told a regular government news conference, referring to the Sept. 24 election at which Merkel is seeking a fourth term.  The Chancellor s words speak for themselves,  Seibert said. Merkel, arguably the most influential politician in the European Union, promised during Sunday s television debate to speak to other EU leaders  so that we can end these accession talks.  Seibert, softening her remarks, said Turkey was not ready to join the EU