South Korean and Japanese jets joined exercises with two  supersonic U.S. B-1B bombers above and near the Korean peninsula on Thursday, two days after North Korea sharply raised tension by firing a missile over Japan. The drills, involving four U.S. stealth F-35B jets as well as South Korean and Japanese fighter jets, came at the end of annual U.S.-South Korea military exercises focused mainly on computer simulations.  North Korea s actions are a threat to our allies, partners and homeland, and their destabilizing actions will be met accordingly,  said General Terrence J. O Shaughnessy, Pacific Air Forces Commander, who made an unscheduled visit to Japan.  This complex mission clearly demonstrates our solidarity with our allies and underscores the broadening cooperation to defend against this common regional threat.  North Korea has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States and has recently threatened to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam. On Monday, North Korea, which sees the exercises as preparations for invasion, raised the stakes in its stand-off with the United States and its allies by firing an intermediate-range missile over Japan. On Thursday, its official news agency, KCNA, denounced the military drills in traditionally robust fashion, calling them  the rash act of those taken aback  by the missile test, which it described as  the first military operation in the Pacific.  President Donald Trump, who has warned that the U.S. military is  locked and loaded  in case of North Korean provocation, reacted angrily to the latest missile test, declaring on Twitter that  talking is not the answer  to resolving the crisis over North Korea s weapons programs. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was quick on Wednesday to stress that a diplomatic solution remained possible, but on Thursday he told reporters he agreed with Trump that Washington  should not be talking right now to a nation that is firing missiles over the top of Japan, an ally.  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders reiterated at a regular briefing on Thursday that all options