On a remote beach looking out onto the Bay of Bengal, a baby boy lies swaddled in cloth, his face smeared with wet sand. The bodies of nine more children and eight women lie alongside. Another woman and a child have already been buried. The group, all Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar, were found washed up on the shore on Thursday by villagers from Shah Porir Dwip island in Bangladesh, a short distance from the mouth of the Naf river that separates the two countries. They died after two rickety boats capsized as they fled a Myanmar army counteroffensive that followed Rohingya insurgent attacks on security forces last week. Nearly 30,000 more Rohingyas have made the perilous crossing by boat or on foot into Bangladesh, while 20,000 more are stuck in no man s land at the border.  We left after the army came early yesterday. They burned houses and shot many people. We ran away so they couldn t find us,  said Samira, 19, a survivor from one of the boats, as the monsoon wind and rain blew off the sea to soak her bright orange hijab.  I have no words. I don t know what we ll do.  Samira and others fled violence unleashed after Rohingya insurgents wielding sticks, knives and crude bombs attacked police posts and an army base on Friday, leading to clashes that have killed at least 117 people. Journalists and other outside observers have been unable to independently travel to the northwest of Myanmar s Rakhine state since an earlier outbreak of violence last year, although some aid programs had quietly been resumed. Myanmar says its army is conducting clearance operations against  extremist terrorists  and that security forces have been told to protect civilians, but Rohingya arriving in Bangladesh say a campaign is under way to force them out. The bodies washed up on Thursday were hardly the first Rohingya to perish trying to escape by boat from Myanmar. Many died trying to cross the Naf after smaller-scale insurgent attacks last October provoked a harsh military response. Over the years, tens of thousands have attempted to flee across the Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea to Thailand and Malaysia. A crackdown on people smuggling networks in Thailand in 2015 saw many Rohingya abandoned at sea by traffickers. The disruption to the smuggling networks also cut off a major escape route for the Muslim minority, which is denied citizenship and endures apartheid-like conditions in Buddhist-majority Myanmar. Samira s group hailed from a village to the south of the major regional town of Maungdaw in Rakhine. A Reuters reporter who traveled with government minders to the area on Wednesday saw many villages on fire. The two boats set off for the Bangladesh coast around 7 p.m. on Wednesday. The Naf here is about 3 km (1.9 miles) wide. After the group arrived on the Bangladeshi side, someone shouted that the police were near, Samira said. They went back out to sea