Philippine teenager Kian Loyd delos Santos told friends he dreamed of becoming a policeman after graduating from high school.  Last week, plain-clothes policemen dragged the 17-year-old to a dark, trash-filled alley in northern Manila, shot him in the head and left his body next to a pigsty, according to witnesses whose accounts appeared to be backed up by CCTV footage. The killing has electrified the Philippines, sparked multiple investigations and galvanized what had previously been limited opposition to President Rodrigo Duterte s war on drugs. Thousands of people have been killed since he took office 14 months ago. Police said they shot delos Santos in self-defense after he opened fire on officers during an anti-drugs operation. But there was outrage when the CCTV footage emerged showing two officers marching a figure, subdued and apparently unarmed, toward the spot where the youth s body was later found. Three officers, who police say have been confined to quarters in a Manila police camp, are now defending their actions in a Senate inquiry that began on Thursday. They maintain delos Santos fired at them. The teenager s parents and the Philippines Public Attorney s Office, a government legal aid agency, have filed murder charges against the policemen at the justice department.  Let us allow the formal criminal investigation to proceed and not rush into conclusion or judgment. Let us allow the personnel involved to have their day in court and defend themselves,  Philippines National Police spokesman Dionardo Carlos said when asked about the case.      Reuters journalists spoke to at least two dozen witnesses, friends and neighbors of delos Santos in Manila s Caloocan area about his killing. They said he was a kind, popular teenager who liked to joke around and didn t drink or do drugs. He was too poor to own a gun, they said.  We no longer have our joker,  said one of his friends, Sharmaine Joy Adante, 15. She said delos Santos had wanted to join the police so that his mother, who works in Saudi Arabia, could afford to live in her own country. Nearby, at the entrance to his family s tiny home, delos Santos lay in an open coffin. Among the tributes placed on its lid was a crumpled playing card