Target Corp (TGT.N), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump’s push to impose a tax on imports, such as the 20 percent levy initiated by House Republicans, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent, industry officials said. Last week, the President said he favored an ‘import tax’ that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin’s tax rate for U.S. products.  The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump’s ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around the tax proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose the tax. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be “as messy as the healthcare bill,” according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry’s lobbying efforts are succeeding.  “We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn’t embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress,” a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity.  There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N), which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers