Japan is hammering out plans to show U.S. President Donald Trump its firms are ready to create U.S. jobs, according to a document whose contents were revealed to Reuters, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe prepares for a summit where automotive trade will be high on the agenda. Abe will visit Washington on Feb. 10 for the talks at which  Trump is expected to seek quick progress toward a two-way trade deal.  An early draft of the document, called “U.S.-Japan Growth and Employment Initiative”, listed five areas including  infrastructure. The document, which was read to Reuters, did not mention automotive trade, which Trump has targeted as “unfair” in an echo of complaints by Washington decades ago. The document left blanks for the numbers of jobs to be created and the scope of investment but a government source said several hundred thousand jobs could result. It also referred to the idea of buying dollar-denominated “infrastructure bonds”, a proposal that has been floated as a way Japan could take part in Trump’s promised upgrade of U.S. infrastructure.  Japanese officials said they were still trying to assess just what Trump wants from Japan. In addition to singling out cars, he has also lumped Japan with China and Mexico as big contributors to America’s trade deficit. However, Japan’s share of the U.S. global trade gap has shrunk to 9 percent from more than half in the early 1990s. Automobiles and car parts account for about three-fourths of the overall U.S.-Japan trade gap, making it an easy target. In a phone call with Abe on Saturday, Trump reiterated his pledge to create jobs in the United States and asked that the Japanese auto industry contribute, the Nikkei business daily reported, quoting unidentified Japanese government officials. Abe is expected to meet Toyoto Motor Corp CEO Akio Toyoda this week, possibly on Friday. “Mr. Trump has made a promise to ‘Buy American, Hire American’,” said one former Japanese diplomat. “Symbolically, autos are a very big player.” The renewed focus on the automotive trade has some Japanese officials and media reminiscing