Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America’s best known advocate for healthy food.     The non-profit organization she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA), where she is honorary chair, will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labeling of products, the group said.     “Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space,” said Larry Soler, president and chief executive of the group. “That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this.” When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20, lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called “burdensome new rules” on food. School lunches and menu labeling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire.  Trump, a self-professed fan of junk food, has not been explicit on what he plans to do with food policy, although he campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business.  Nutrition advocates believe that, regardless of regulatory changes, private sector partnerships forged under Michelle Obama’s time at PHA are likely to endure.  The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010, in conjunction with her broader ‘Let’s Move!’ effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States.     Since then, the organization has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies, universities, hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings.     Companies that have made such agreements, like the world’s No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip, say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington.     “Our commitment to provide healthy food – specifically for young people – will not only continue but it will grow,” said a spokesman for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip, which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit, vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost.     PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House, and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate. The first lady expects to continue her work on the issue, though it is unclear exactly what her role will be.    “I will always be here as a partner in this effort – always,” she said earlier this year.  Michelle Obama took her healthy eating agenda from the White House