Republican lawmakers and the Federal Reserve may be ready to strike a compromise deal on legislation that would give Congress greater scrutiny over the central bank, now that there is no longer the threat of a presidential veto, but it would likely stop short of dictating rules on setting interest rates. Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election will give the Republicans control over both the White House as well as both houses of Congress next month, removing a likely veto on legislation to overhaul governance of the Fed by a Democratic president. Even so, Republicans will need support from Senate Democrats now that their Senate majority has shrunk to a 52-48 split in the November polls.  Republicans who have been pushing for limits on the Fed’s ability to decide policy believe the central bank has overstepped its mandate by using extraordinary measures to stimulate the economy since the financial crisis, and they say reforms are a priority next year. Interviews with lawmakers, aides and top Fed officials indicate there could be common ground for a deal, marking a possible departure from the central bank’s resolute opposition to reform. “There are different paths to a workable solution,” said Representative Bill Huizenga, a Republican who chairs the House of Representatives subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Huizenga, who last year introduced legislation to tie policy decisions to a benchmark rule or risk “audits” by a congressional watchdog, told Reuters that he was “open to what exactly” the audits would look like. “But it needs to be early, if not the first thing that we do.”  The Trump administration and the Federal Reserve declined to comment on the potential for legislation or their positions.  Huizenga’s bill last year would force the Fed to operate under a directive rule like the one named after conservative economist John Taylor, which prescribes interest rates based on levels of inflation, employment and growth. That would be a sea change from the way the Fed has long operated, in which it reviews economic conditions as it weighs decisions on interest rates, but is free to set policy as it deems appropriate. The bill would leave room for discretion but would open the door for Congress to launch real-time reviews of rate decisions if the central bank strayed too far from the rule, something Fed Chair Janet Yellen called a “grave mistake” that would damage the bank’s credibility and distract its focus on longer term economic goals. Under a strict Taylor rule, the key federal funds rate