U.S. Senate Republicans’ version of a tax cut bill will delay corporate rate cuts by one year to take effect in 2019, and will not include a repeal of Obamacare’s individual mandate, Republican Senate Finance Committee member Bill Cassidy said.  Story: [L1N1NF1MP] GARY BRADSHAW, PORTFOLIO MANAGER OF HODGES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT IN DALLAS “I do think the market would like to see this tax cut and if it’s delayed, certainly it is going to have a big effect on small caps, they are probably off the most.” “I think the market is anticipating that we get this tax cut through, that it would really drive earnings. You look at S&P earnings next year projected to be about $145, you get a tax cut it would probably be (a little above $150). If we don’t have that, earnings are going to be tempered some. Obviously a little of the tax cut has been in the market already and if it’s delayed some of that good news is coming out.” MICHAEL O’ROURKE, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST, JONESTRADING, GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT: “That was the catalyst for the recent leg down,” he said, referring to the headlines that the Senate tax proposal will delay the corp tax rate cut to 2019.  “Making sure we don’t drive the deficit too much higher is going to be key here. That makes sense why they would push the corporate tax cut back. But at the same time, we’re not getting to the point where we have a plan that seems workable yet. “The market is due for a breather. It’s been a year since the election. We’ve gone up 22 percent on hopes of what the Trump agenda would bring, and while they’re trying to work toward this thing, they haven’t really accomplished much yet. If progress is not made, the equity market should either pause or correct until meaningful progress is made.” RICK MECKLER, PRESIDENT OF INVESTMENT FIRM LIBERTYVIEW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT IN JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY “Investors view the corporate tax cut as central to higher near-term stock prices. Once you delay it, the more time that goes on the more further changes can happen. This has been a bit of an emotional roller coaster for investors. “You’re starting to see some divergence between House, Senate and White House, all three of which are controlled by Republicans. That suggests that whatever is agreed to will probably look quite a bit different if its signed into law. “The sell off is a quick reaction to how much uncertainty is ahead when it comes to significant corporate tax change.” JOE SALUZZI, CO-MANAGER OF TRADING AT THEMIS TRADING IN CHATHAM, NEW JERSEY  “Nervous Nellies are going to read the headlines, I have the feeling we are going to be headline driven until they finish this thing off, whenever that may be. If it is a market that has been based on tax cuts, or a good chunk of the rally has been, you would expect it to pullback if there is a potential breakup in the talks or a delay. It looks like this last leg was based on a delay of potentially a year on the Senate side. So totally expected you would see that. But I would also expect it to rip right back if all of a sudden they come out and say they are making progress.  “Other than that there is really nothing fundamentally changed. Nothing new today, economic numbers