Americans’ growing alarm over rising prescription drug costs will pressure a new U.S. administration and Congress to take action on pharmaceutical pricing, industry executives and healthcare experts say. Drugmaker stocks, battered in recent months, soared this week after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s victory. Democratic rival Hillary Clinton had vowed to take on pharmaceutical “price gouging,” and some pundits predicted the Democrats would gain control of the Senate, giving her a stronger hand. The Republican sweep of Congress eliminated those fears, while boosting chances for other measures, such as corporate tax reforms that would benefit industry. However, the vote did not change a key dynamic: U.S. consumers are paying more of the cost of drugs through higher health insurance deductibles and copayments, making them more sensitive to manufacturer price hikes. Most recently, a sixfold increase in the price of Mylan NV’s EpiPen stoked outrage for families who rely on the lifesaving allergy shot and prompted investigations by state attorneys general and Congress. If a manufacturer sharply raises the price of a drug, “it will be in the headlines. I don’t think it matters which party is in office,” said Sandra Hunt, principal at PricewaterhouseCooper’s health industry practice. Republican lawmakers have taken up drug pricing alongside Democrats. Republicans Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa, chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and Representative Jason Chaffetz, chair of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, led inquiries into Mylan’s EpiPen pricing. “A very strong majority of Republican voters want the Congress to address drug prices,” said John Rother, president and CEO of the National Coalition on Health Care, which campaigns for lower prices. An October Kaiser Family Foundation survey showed that 74 percent of respondents said making drugs for chronic conditions affordable should be a top health care priority for the federal government. Among Republican respondents, 68 percent put drug prices as a top priority. A poll conducted by the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that 64 percent of voters