Backers of a global accord to fight climate change that formally comes into force on Friday say they are confident the deal can survive any legal challenges by U.S. Republican candidate Donald Trump if he wins next week’s presidential election. Trump has threatened to reject the accord negotiated by nearly 200 governments, including that of U.S. President Barack Obama. Trump once tweeted that global warming was a concept invented by the Chinese to harm U.S. industry. By contrast, his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has strongly supported the plan, which enters into force after major greenhouse gas emitters the United States, China and India ratified it. The Paris Agreement aims to phase out man-made greenhouse gases in the second half of the century to avert floods, heatwaves, droughts and rising sea levels.   Delegates from signatory nations meet in the Moroccan city of Marrakesh on Nov. 7-18 to start turning their many promises on tackling climate change into action and draw up a “rule book” for the sometimes fuzzily worded accord reached last December. Adding urgency, 2016 is set to be the hottest year since records began in the 19th century. The U.S. election, on Nov. 8, injects a large dose of political uncertainty into the gathering of environment ministers and senior officials in Marrakesh. The relatively speedy ratification of the climate pact, a year before many predictions, was partly driven by Trump’s threats to reject the accord. Some delegates played down the risk of a President Trump reneging on the deal. “The momentum is such that it would take a heck of a climate skeptic to back pedal,” said Tosi Mpanu Mpanu of the Democratic Republic of Congo, who heads the group of 48 Least Developed Countries at the Morocco negotiations. “That’s really why we have had this strong mobilization (to ratify). If Trump wins I don’t think it will change anything.”‘ Moroccan Environment Minister Hakima El Haite, who will host the Marrakesh meeting, said he did not expect Trump, if elected,  would challenge the agreement, saying the American people were generally supportive of climate action. And, as a businessman, “(Trump) will understand that climate change is an opportunity to create jobs and new technologies”, she told Reuters recently in New York. Its entry into force gives some protection for the Paris Agreement under international law. Its Article 28 says any government wanting to quit has to wait through four years of formalities