The United States was relegated to the sidelines of the Syrian war on Friday as an all-out assault by Syrian government and Russian forces on opposition-held Aleppo threatened to unleash a new refugee wave and drive U.S.-backed rebels into the ranks of al Qaeda’s Syrian branch, U.S. officials and experts said. Moscow’s direct participation in the offensive left fading hope for U.S.-Russian peace efforts, raising the likelihood that U.S. President Barack Obama’s successor will inherit a worsening conflict. Entering its sixth year, the Syrian civil war already has left some 250,000 people dead, uprooted more than 11 million and provided a base for Islamic State to launch and inspire attacks in the West. “For the next president on Day One, this becomes the problem from hell,” said Frederic Hof, a former Obama adviser on Syria who is now at the Atlantic Council think tank. “It’s a problem that’s going to persist in one way or another throughout the first term of the next president and probably beyond.” A U.S. official suggested White House plans to keep Syrian chaos under control as Obama leaves office have been upended. “It was hoped that they could turn over a simmering mess to the next president,” said a U.S. official. “But what happened was that the simmering mess blew up and now they are going to have to figure out what to do.” U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that Russian aircraft, long-range artillery and special forces advisers were directly participating with Syrian government forces in the drive to conquer eastern Aleppo, the largest urban stronghold of the U.S.-backed moderate opposition. Shiite militiamen from Lebanon, Iraq and Afghanistan also were involved in the assault on the devastated enclave, where an estimated 250,000 civilians were suffering the most intense airstrikes of the war, they said. “The Russians are actively participating in the current offensive in Aleppo,” said one U.S. official. “It appears to be a no-holds barred attempt to crush the opposition.”  Russian aircraft were flying sorties at the same rate – about 40 per day