About 10,000 retired coal miners and their families descended on the U.S. Congress on Thursday to pressure lawmakers to pass stalled legislation that would prevent 22,000 of them from losing their pension and health benefits as soon as early 2017. A bipartisan group of senators is trying to pass legislation to ensure the retirees’ coverage with the United Mine Workers of America’s retirement and healthcare funds, which are dwindling as some coal companies drop benefits in their bankruptcy proceedings.  The future of the coal industry and its workers has been an issue in national politics. With just weeks to go before the presidential and congressional elections in November, time for passage of the bill is limited. The union said the federal government was obligated to ensure coal workers continue to get the benefits. The UMWA pension currently supports about 120,000 former miners and their families. “These miners put in decades of back-breaking work in America’s coal mines to energize our nation,” UMWA International President Cecil Roberts said. But some Republican senators, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, have hesitated to support the legislation, either because they do not want to be seen bailing out unionized workers or because it does not address what they say is President Barack Obama’s regulatory “war” on the coal industry. Legislation backers say they are obligated to uphold a guarantee made in 1946 by President Harry Truman to protect the benefits to avert a strike.   Republican West Virginia Senator Shelley Moore Capito said on Wednesday that the payments were less than $600 a month.  “These aren’t lavish pensions,” she said. “This is food. This is the trip to see the doctor.”   If Congress fails to pass the Miners’ Protection Act, the $5 billion federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp, an agency that backstops failed private-sector pension programs and is already financially strained, would be responsible for the plans. Mervn Click, a retired coal miner from Hueytown, Alabama, who traveled more than 20 hours by bus for the rally, said his benefits could cease by year’s end.  “I don’t know what I will do if it runs out,” he said as he stood under a tree facing the Capitol. West Virginia Democratic Senator Joe Manchin said 46 Democratic senators and at least eight Republicans backed the bill. Three of the Republicans