Kirtland Park, on the shores of Lake Erie near downtown Cleveland, was designated as a place where hundreds of protesters could camp during the Republican National Convention. It is less than a quarter full. One measure of the shortfall: With about 10 transportable toilets on hand Tuesday night and about 15 tents, the city was providing one plastic commode for every two campers.  U.S. political conventions typically are protest magnets, and the Republican National Convention that nominated Donald Trump as its presidential candidate after a bitter primary campaign had been seen as a major draw. But three days in, the crowds were far smaller than expected.  Activists said deadly attacks on police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Dallas had scared off some would-be protesters. Others saw the presence of “open carry” gun-rights advocates as a threat to their safety. Cleveland’s heavy police presence discouraged others, protest leaders said. “I’m extremely disappointed with turnout,” said Lee Garnett, a 39-year-old tech worker who came from San Francisco to protest Trump’s nomination. As he stood in Kirtland Park on Tuesday night, about two dozen activists listened to a man strum a guitar and sing. Garnett said friends had backed out. “It was fear of violence. Fear of violence from the police and fear of violence from the Trump supporters,” he said, citing Trump’s prediction in March of riots if he were denied the nomination.  City records show three of five officially permitted protests planned for the first three days of the convention did not occur. Either organizers canceled events or supporters failed to take part, city officials said.  The American Civil Liberties Union had won a court battle to reduce the size of the security area around the convention hall, arguing that people needed more space to exercise their free speech rights. But the designated 1.7-square-mile (440-hectare) “event zone” easily accommodated the few hundred protesters on hand at any given time. At rallies, police officers appeared swiftly and often outnumbered the protesters. On Wednesday, police arrested 18 people