Top fundraisers for Donald Trump made pitches on Wednesday to prominent hedge fund investors to line up behind the presumptive Republican presidential nominee as he seeks to raise $1 billion for the general election campaign. The New York billionaire businessman was a topic of discussion as some 2,000 hedge fund managers, investors, lawyers and journalists gathered in Las Vegas for the SkyBridge Alternatives Conference, known as SALT, the industry’s most prominent annual meeting. Steven Mnuchin, Trump’s newly appointed national finance chairman and a private investor himself, met with some of the attending hedge fund managers and others, including oil investor T. Boone Pickens, Georgette Mosbacher and former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown. In an onstage interview, Kenneth Griffin, the billionaire founder of powerful hedge fund firm Citadel who previously supported U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, did not address the presidential campaign. A spokesman for Griffin did not respond to a request for comment. Also speaking at the event was former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who in an onstage interview, declined to endorse any presidential candidate. Earlier this year, Bloomberg flirted with an independent presidential candidacy, but decided against it for fear it would help Trump’s chances of getting elected. Some investors told Reuters they were disappointed Bloomberg did not enter the race. Trump is the last man standing in the Republican race after U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich dropped out last week. Trump, who has never held elective office, is trying to unite Republicans behind his candidacy after a primary election campaign in which his fiery rhetoric on trade, immigration and Muslims rankled party elites. A Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday showed Trump had pulled even with Clinton, his likely opponent in the Nov. 8 presidential election. David Rubenstein, co-founder of private equity powerhouse Carlyle Group, kicked off the three-day conference by asking the audience which candidate they thought would move into the White House in January after November’s election. The vast majority did not express an opinion on either Trump or Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. Away from panel discussions on how the industry can salvage a poor start to the year