This is unbelievable! Donald Trump must be the next Nostradamus! One year ago, Donald Trump said something so profound that it is almost unbelievable. Take a look: #TRUMP was right again! 
— Trump Super PAC (@TrumpSuperPAC) October 28, 2016 
On August 29th, 2015, just after news broke that Huma Abedin’s husband, Anthony Weiner, had been sexting young women, again, Trump said something that has turned out to be both profound and prophetic. 
“I only worry in that Hillary Clinton was careless and negligent in allowing Weiner to have close proximity to highly classified information.” 
He has also said: 
“Her No. 1 person, Huma Abedin, is married to Anthony Weiner, who’s a sleazeball and pervert,” Trump said, referring to the former New York congressman’s repeated scandals over lewd texts and direct Twitter messages he sent to other women. “I’m not saying that, that’s recorded history,” Trump continued. “I don’t like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets.” 
Trump intuitively knew that Hillary’s top aide, Huma Abedin, was a massive liability. 
Now look at what just happened today! 
The New York Times reports: 
The FBI is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The Bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case – one federal official said they numbered in the thousands – potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the Presidential Campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the Election.” 
Let that sink in. 
The FBI had closed the Hillary Clinton email investigation, and now has reopened it after finding emails on Anthony Wieners devices as part of a sexting scandal and investigation. 
Trump was right about Huma and Wiener! 
There are other scandals that intersect with this one, as well. 
The pay-for-play questions that have been raised about the Clinton Foundation are in play, as Huma Abedin worked daily with the Clintons on countless issues. 
Is this the issue that will take Hillary down for good? 
Time will tell.