Print Gappers team photo from “Every Boy Needs a Hero” 
Just in time for the start of the 2016 Major League Baseball World Series, WND Films has acquired the father-son baseball movie, “Every Boy Needs a Hero,” for immediate release on DVD. 
“We’re confident that “Hero” is a grand-slam movie that will build up families across America and restore luster to the game,” said Joseph Farah, WND founder and CEO. 
Starring Burgess Jenkins, of “Remember the Titans” and “Nashville,” and Gregory Alan Williams, of “Miracles from Heaven,” this award-winning movie brings the love of baseball to hearth and home. It also features a powerful music soundtrack by three-time Grammy winner Michael Omartian. 
Get “Every Boy Needs a Hero” now at the WND Superstore! From the producers of “Alone Yet Not Alone,” the movie is a powerful tale of restoring and strengthening relationships between fathers and their children. 
According to Dr. Ted Baehr, founder of Movieguide, “ ‘Hero’ is an excellent movie about God turning a man’s heart to his son and a son learning to forgive his father.” 
Dr. Baehr added, “The opening is powerful. The ending is heartrending. The drama, the acting, the jeopardy work well throughout the whole movie. This is one of the few movies that Movieguide can actually say go see it.” Keith Harris and Nick Edwards as Wynn and Sammy Heller 
“Hero” opens with Joe (played by Burgess Jenkins) coaching his son David’s baseball team, the Gappers, to the state championship. Seven years later, after pursuing his dream job, Joe returns to town. He had left to pursue fame and fortune to support the family. His wife, Hannah, is stricken with cancer, while David is angry that Joe left them. After Hannah’s funeral, Joe moves back into the house, but David remains bitter. Meanwhile, David is coaching the now hapless Gappers; the team loses more than it wins. Joe steps in to get other fathers involved with their sons and turn the team of losers into winners, hoping this gesture will help Joe reconcile with David. Unfortunately, the league rules have softened dramatically, making it nearly impossible to train the team properly: practice times are limited, coaches can’t make players take laps around the field, everyone gets a “participation” trophy. The beloved American pastime has become so boring that few parents show up for games, let alone practices. So, Joe starts his own league to turns things around. 
From the director of “Isaiah 9:10 Judgment” and the producer of “Alone Not Yet Alone” comes “Hero,” a beautiful tale of the significance of the father-child relationship that’s and set around America’s pastime, baseball. 
One of the fathers Joe pursues for the new league is the warden of the local prison, Mr. Redding (played by Gregory Alan Williams). Redding’s career mirrors that of Joe. He’s been offered a big job in Washington, D.C. Like Joe, he’s lured by fame and fortune at the expense of his relationship with his son and family. In contrast, another Gapper teammate has a father who’s actually a prison inmate under Redding. Unlike many of the absent fathers outside the prison walls, the inmate father has a great desire to practice baseball with his son, but he cannot due to prison rules. Justin Miles and Burgess Jenkins as David and Joe Finn in the film, “Every Boy Needs a Hero” 
What makes “Hero” particularly compelling today is that it addresses the growing crisis of absentee fathers and its impact on baseball itself. 
Watch the trailer: 
Washington Times reporter Bradford Richardson wrote in his article, “Study blames absent fathers for decline in black baseball players,” that the Austin Institute, a Texas-based think tank focused on family and societal issues, has commissioned a study titled, “Called Out at Home,” which shows a correlation between the decline of black fatherhood and the drop in black participation in baseball. 
From the director of “Isaiah 9:10 Judgment” and the producer of “Alone Not Yet Alone” comes “Hero,” a beautiful tale of the significance of the father-child relationship that’s and set around America’s pastime, baseball. 
Richardson writes: 
Kevin Stuart, executive director of the Austin Institute, said fathers are natural teachers of baseball because “it takes two to play catch.” 
There is a “long-standing connection between fatherhood and baseball,” Mr. Stuart said, pointing to famous father-son tandems who have played in the Major Leagues and the prominence of father-son relationships in popular baseball movies such as “Field of Dreams.” 
Baseball, he said, was made to be played by fathers and sons. 
“Baseball seems to fall somewhere in the middle, where what’s really necessary, or what appears to us to be necessary in order to really improve skills, is at least one other person deeply and personally committed on a regular basis to working with you,” Mr. Stuart said. 
Anecdotal evidence seems to corroborate the study’s connection between fatherhood and baseball. 
Famous father-son tandems – including Ken Griffey Sr. and Ken Griffey Jr., Prince Fielder and Cecil Fielder, and Tony Gwynn Sr. and Tony Gwynn Jr. – have talked about how the game was handed down from one generation to the next. 
“Hero” received a powerful endorsement from renowned Christian author Stormie Omartian: 
“For such a time as this, ‘Hero’ is an important movie about the estranged relationship between a father and his son, who learn how to reconcile using faith and baseball,” Farah said. 
Baehr concluded, “‘Hero’ is a wonderful, faith-filled sports drama. It will touch your heart, your mind and your soul.” Gapper team dads from the film, “Every Boy Needs a Hero”