Without intention, Mike kind fulfills the proverb that not all who wander are lost. A 1973 graduate of the College of the Holy Cross with a BA in Philosophy, he had successfully dodged the draft during Vietnam, despite his lottery number of 29. Logically, after failing at being a bum for a year after college, he then enlisted in the Army. His theory was to hang out for two years, go to Germany, date blondes, drink lots of beer, improve his wretched German and come home to use the GI Bill for Graduate School. Didn’t quite work out that way; he did go to Germany and stayed five years first tour; married a red-headed American GI who worked in S2; did drink lots of beer and developed some acuity with pidgin Deutsch. Mike re-enlisted and then wandered through a great 23 years as a soldier. A lot of it sucked, of course; but, he avoided ending his adolescence until the end of the 23 years…since then, he’s been in a fight to regain that feeling of camaraderie, purpose and trust. Mike chose to stay a career NCO. There were a couple of dozen reasons, but they’re best summed up by the fact that he really didn’t like officers. He still doesn’t, sheepishly at times admitting that “Some of my best friends are officers. Some of my best friends are gay. Some of my best friends are gay officers. I’m not gay and I’m not an officer – I like it better that way.” He got his initial First Sergeant assignment in his 14th year and basically stayed a First Sergeant until he retired, as a First Sergeant. If he hadn’t retired, the day after the retirement would have been the day he pinned on CSM stripes but, as he says, “Some of my best friends are Sergeant Majors; some of my best friends are hookers. I’m not a Sergeant Major and I’m not a hooker and that works fine for me.” Since retiring, Mike’s worked in Labor Relations, HR and General Management for government, tribes, nonprofits and for profits including Defense Contractors. He’s found that his “not being a hooker” approach hasn’t necessarily worked to his career advantage. He’s picked up a bunch of irrelevant graduate degrees, that basically were there to teach you how to be a Hobbit. Hobbits are small, insignificant fearful types who scurry around getting in the way and accomplishing nothing of any great merit. He believes that the movies would have been infinitely better had the bad guys killed off all the Hobbits in the first part of the first movie, and then spent the rest of it avenging the little twits. Mike really hates Hobbits He’s a Senior Professional in Human Resources and a Six Sigma Black Belt. He plays guitar, reads, broods and drives too fast in fast cars – currently, a Mustang GT – channeling Hunter S. Thompson, patrolling “on the edge of the desert, just outside of Barstow.” An avowed leftist and philosophical Stoic, Mike admits that everything is probably going to hell, but thinks that it’s the duty of people of honor to work to stop it from going there too quick. Since he regards all veterans as his extended family, he expects that they’ll do the same. An oddly religious guy, Mike believes that God is a not very bright, self—entered and hormonal teenage girl obsessed with the Jonas Brothers and whether or not her Daisy Duke jeans make her ass look fat. They do, but he’s not going to be the one to tell her the truth. God can’t handle the truth. While he might write about anything, he’s really interested in business, economics and how to keep people from being screwed by machines, be they corporate, government, or societal. He's also interested in guitars... Dispatches from Wolf Country –Sitting in my cave, watching the spider spin By Mike Farrell on November 9, 2016 I didn't think much of Donald Trump. I still don't -- I think he's a vulgar, crooked, misogynistic, racist, elitist, intellectually stunted, narcissistic, naive and utterly unprepared to be president. I think Mike Pence is a right wing troll. The thought of Newt Gingrich as Secretary of State and Rudy Giuliani as Secretary of State and Attorney General makes my skin crawl. Well, that's fine. I voted, and had my say. Now I have to deal with reality. Like it or not, we have to be adult about this. A man’s got to have a code, a creed to live by, no matter his job. –John Wayne 
Lord, she never even stopped She left fifty or sixty people still sittin’ on their cars And they’re wonderin’ what it’s comin’ to And how it got this far Oh but me I got a nickel smashed flatter than a dime By a mad dog, runaway red-silver streamline…train Guy Clark, Texas 1947 
As the election slogs on to the end, I’ve been relatively quiet. There was a lot to digest, a lot to think about. Obviously not in the election campaigns; they’ve been short of thought. But the implications of the demographic change in the USA, the failure of our education system, the stubbornness of entrenched wealth, and the lack of intellectual vibrancy, integrity and should provide a lot things to think about going forward. The Trump experience is going to be with us for a long time. What other people — historians, political scientists, theologians, journalists, and leaders — call American Constitutional Democracy, he condemns as a rigged system. As Bill Mahar has pointed out frequently, “When is a rich white guy in this country going to get an even break!” In an odd way, it’s true — in any contest against the rich white guys, the odds for them are always 60-40; for the rest of us, that means our odds are 60-40 against. Well, the early 20th century with Wilson Minzer contended pretty successfully that in life, the odds are always 60-40 against. I think that’s hell of an advantage people like Trump have to screw up just to face the same odds most of us face in getting through life. The thing in this election that will probably make the difference is that sometimes wealth is money, sometimes it’s access to media, and sometimes it’s something else. In this election, it’s something else. Farrell, November 6, 2016 

And then, boys and girls, I turned away from the computer because I realized that I wasn’t sure what it was that I wanted to say. Like a lot of folks from the Northeast who paid attention to New York City, I didn’t think much of Donald Trump. I still don’t — I think he’s a vulgar, crooked, misogynistic, racist, elitist, intellectually stunted, narcissistic, naive and utterly unprepared to be president. I think Mike Pence is a right wing troll. The thought of Newt Gingrich as Secretary of State and Rudy Giuliani as Secretary of State and Attorney General makes my skin crawl. 
Well, that’s fine. I voted, and had my say. Now I have to deal with a reality as a responsible citizen and patriot. Like it or not, we have to be adult about this. I think the best advice ever for an actual American who cares about his country and what it stands for was given by Marion Mitchell Morrison, better known as John Wayne, the week after the election in 1960. 
Progressives would regard Wayne as a Wingnut. He was a Goldwater Republican and a fierce patriot. He defined manhood for a couple of generations of boys and men; it’s an image that defined manhood for a lot of people. His characters weren’t him; he wasn’t his characters, but I think he was inspired by a lot of them to be something more than he was. He pushed himself to be something more than he was. He had a lot of warts, but ultimately he faced them, wore them and didn’t let them get in his way. I’m not sure who the equivalent character would be in cinema today — George Clooney? It’s actually pretty simple, there is known. I suspect it’s probably Bruce Springsteen for a lot of people, because of the impact of rock and roll on my generation and those that follow it. 
Wayne was asked what he thought about Kennedy’s election and Nixon’s defeat. His response was simple, straight and honest. I didn’t vote for him but he’s my president, and I hope he does a good job. –John Wayne 
That quote is fairly well known and often quoted, usually by progressives pointing out the problems with Conservative Obstruction and totally absurd complaints. That use has been justified. But, a lesser known quote from the Duke on the inauguration of Jimmy Carter is worth considering now. 
I’m pleased to be present and accounted for in this capital of freedom to witness history as it happens – to watch a common man accept the uncommon responsibility he won ‘fair and square’ by stating his case to the American people – not by bloodshed, be-headings, and riots at the palace gates. I know I’m a member of the loyal opposition – accent on the loyal. I’d have it no other way. John Wayne, Washington, DC. January 20, 1977 
So, President Trump, as did President Obama, will have a unique opportunity to do something. I do not think Trump has the temperament and the knowledge to be a great president but like Wayne, what the hell do I know? He isn’t a politician and he hasn’t worked in government. I suspect he’s in for a steep learning curve. I hope he has the wisdom to find some people to advise him who have that kind of experience so that he can be successful. 

Like it or not, the election shows that we are in fact a badly divided commonwealth. There’s little agreement across party lines on a wide variety of things. Some of those things are ontological — what’s the nature of truth? How important is it? Does logic matter as much, more or less than emotion? What are the limits of discourse in public? What constitutes unreasonable insult and what constitutes reasonable epithet? How do you deal with disagreement? How do you discuss policy? How do you deal with the political problems caused by economic and demographic change? 
It’s going to be interesting. President Trump has to satisfy his supporters while reconciling with those who oppose him. Since a lot of his supporters are conditioned to envy, mistrust and despise the rich bastards and Gatsby types — sound like anyone we know? — and a lot of his opponents are inclined to to distrust, despise and want restitution for his victory, it’s going to be a Herculean task for the guy to get them to agree on whether to order chicken, hamburgers or fish at a team building retreat, let alone actually do anything. 
I have to think that President Obama has had an interesting morning as well. Trump doesn’t have majorities like Obama had in Congress in 2009 and has a somewhat more disgruntled electorate. While I’m sure Obama may be tempted to short sheet the beds and put Icy Hot on the toilet seats in the Executive Mansion, I suspect he’ll be gracious and do whatever he can to assist President Trump to a smooth and reasonable transition. 
I think Lincoln had the best advice for all of us as this unfolds. Be nice if we could agree to it and be scored against it. With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations. — Abraham Lincoln, Second Inaugural, March 4, 1865