Back pain Pain in the side 
It is important to treat properly to reduce risk of severe conditions such as: kidney abscess, blood poisoning, severe infection, kidney failure and more. Causes of kidney infection 
Many reasons lead to kidney infection like weakened immune systems, anatomy of urination, toilet hygiene, kidney stone, sexually active females… 
Here are some home remedies which can help you treat effectively. Stay hydrated 
Drink enough of fluid is the best way to keep your body hydrated. In addition, it is important to prevent kidney stone. Water helps reduce risk of salt and minerals which probably form stone. Try to drink a glass of lemon juice to refresh your kidney. You can look at other benefits from lemon: Top 10 Natural Benefits of Lemon Diet 
What you eat and drink can affect to your kidney condition. Otherwise, here are some recommended foods which researchers showed you should put it into your daily diet such as: apples, onions, cabbage, and cauliflower. These foods reduce inflammation and ease kidney infection symptoms. However, be caution with amount of phosphorus in your diet. Because of phosphorus can cause serious situation and calcification. Lifestyle 
There are a large of number bad habits which might push your condition more severe and prolong your healing process such as drinking too much alcohol, smoking and lacking of sleep. Therefore, try to stop smoking, alcohol and sleep enough to help your body healthy. Apple cider vinegar 
Apple cider vinegar is great to treat infection inside the body. Kidney infection is be treated by apple cider vinegar. There are some acids in this remedy which can reduce inflammation. To get the most effective from apple cider vinegar you should combine with honey. Mix 2 teaspoon of honey with 1 teaspoon of apple cider vinegar then drink several times per day. To know more health benefits of apple cider vinegar you can visit here: 16 Ways That Apple Cider Vinegar Benefits You Herbal tea 
There are many types of herbal teas which are good for our body such as chamomile tea, marshmallow tea and parsley tea. These herbal reduce infections and prevent kidney stone. What’s more, it eases your symptoms and shortens the duration. You should use at least twice a day to get effectively. Baking soda 
This is probably the first time you heard about baking soda which may treat kidney infection but it is true. Baking soda replenishes bicarbonate levels in the kidney. Put one teaspoon of baking soda in a glass of water and drink it several times per day. Garlic 
Garlic is related to passing salt in the urine. Therefore, it is good for diuretic properties. Potentially, garlic can help your body prevent heart disease and skin problems. Garlic contains allicin that avoid bacterial and infection. 
Resources: