hat tip: What Really Happened 
Alex Jones’ 6-minute analysis on released e-mails: 
In context, please be clear this is not an endorsement of Trump for President. When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. Private e-mails on private server + $2 billion Clinton Foundation – 10% for “charity” = massive criminal fraud 
Since 2001 , the Clinton Foundation has raised ~$2 billion for “charity,” but with tax records revealing only 10% of money went for programs, with apparently ~50% going directly to Bill and Hillary Clinton (and here , here ). 
A 35-second summary from Judge Jeanine Pirro; full 5-minute interview (disclaimer: this corporate media outlet will never tell the truth of US/Israel connections to create ISIS or lie-started US Wars of Aggression also requiring arrests ): 
Economic Hitman John Perkins ’ 2-minutes of context on this type of neo-colonialism capitalism: 
Clinton committed obvious federal felonies from operating a private government through her personal e-mail while Secretary of State. She lies continuously about these facts , including that she received and sent classified and confidential information . The “missing” and deleted e-mails are likely to show her trading State Department favors for Clinton Foundation donations; a primary motivation to have a private e-mail server in order to keep these communications secret. Top 5 criminal lies by Hillary Clinton in two minutes : 
A similar playbook is documented in the 1-page article, Rigged , in 2004 with President W. Bush. 
USA Watchdog’s 14-minute interview on Clinton Foundation massive fraud with Charles Ortel, which may total $100 billion: 
In addition, the Clintons deducted over a million dollars from their 2015 federal taxes for “charitable donations”: 96% of which went to the Clinton Foundation . 10% for charity, 90% for us scam same as “retirement funds” 
Public employee retirement accounts have “investment strategy” that pay Wall Street “advisors” twice as much as the cash paid to retirees. This scam has a net rate of return often costing taxpayers money rather than generating income to pay for retirees. Full explanation and documentation here and here . 
My 22-minute interview on this topic: Big Picture: ongoing US rogue state empire 
This article series defines rogue state , along with history demonstrating this has been a dominant US status for over 170 years. Please refresh your understanding to be confident of these obvious facts for your citizen voice. 
In contrast, a president and officers including Secretary of State uphold the law rather than ignore and violate it, embracing limited government under a constitution. The illegal and unlimited government crimes centered in war, money, and constant lying refute the presence of an executive branch upholding fair law. Again this is documented here . Don’t vote for evil; arrest evil 
Americans who vote for Hillary or Trump are voting with relative ignorance to continue the following, with 95%+ who would never agree if honestly briefed on the facts. Once informed, unless one wishes to bond with such evil and bullshit, one cannot vote for it. If one wishes to stand as an American under our ideals and Constitution, one must demand arrests for such outrageous crimes. 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
Ordinary Americans, US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here having the most important need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes under President Clinton or President Trump. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Corporate media surrender to the facts, or limited hangout? 
The American public have an opening: 18 minutes of corporate media disclosure on the e-mail crisis: 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences . I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth’s inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen’s lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you’d like to search for t hose articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I’ll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). 
**