NTEB Ads Privacy Policy False Teacher Beth Moore Endorses The Late Term Partial-Birth Abortion Candidate Crooked Hillary One of the main planks in Crooked Hillary's platform is her aggressive support in favor of late-term, partial birth abortion up to nearly the very last day of the due date. Beth Moore, well-known false teacher and false New Age prophet, has decided that this is the person we need in the White House. by Geoffrey Grider October 27, 2016 False teacher Beth Moore is breaking away from fellow evangelical leaders/speakers who stand with Donald Trump, and throwing her weight behind a woman who is aggressively in favor of later term abortion 
“The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof?” Jeremiah 5:31 (KJV) 
EDITOR’S NOTE: One of the main planks in Crooked Hillary’s platform is her very aggressive support in favor of late term, partial-birth abortion up to nearly the very last day of the due date. Beth Moore, well-known false teacher and false New Age prophet, has decided that this is the person we need in the White House. Let that sink in for a moment. By supporting HIllary Clinton Beth Moore will be working to increase, fund, guarantee and protect abortion in America. Hillary Clinton OK With Abortion Day Before Birth: 
Beth Moore suggested that Trump’s words from 11 years ago highlight how men are “objectifying” women today, and she made clear that she will not support Trump over it. She issued a number of tweets on the topic, not one of which criticized Hillary Clinton for the way she has treated the women who allege Bill Clinton sexually assaulted them — women like Paula Jones and Juanita Broaddrick, the latter of whom recently recounted the way Bill Clinton allegedly raped her. False teachers Beth Moore and Joyce Meyer promoting unbiblical unity: 
The Daily Mail reported that “Jones reached an out of court settlement” in a suit wherein she alleged that Bill, while Governor of Arkansas, dropped his pants and asked her “ to kiss it .” Beth Moore False Vision: 
What does a false teacher and false prophet sound like? It sounds exactly like this…. 
Trump stood up for these women , holding a press conference with them on Sunday as a way of breaking through the mainstream media’s refusal to report on Bill’s sexual history and Hillary’s efforts to undermine that history. Heretofore, Hillary’s canned response to Bill’s accusers has been to go after the women. In fact, she has gone after the women with such fervor that the Washington Post recently asked if Hillary was Bill’s “enabler”? Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump spar over partial-birth abortion during third debate: 
The Post reported : 
… Hillary Clinton dismissed an accusation made by Gennifer Flowers, the singer who sold her story to a supermarket tabloid after having previously denied an affair. In an ABC News interview, she called Flowers “some failed cabaret singer who doesn’t even have much of a résumé to fall back on.” She told Esquire magazine in 1992 that if she had the chance to cross-examine Flowers, “I mean, I would crucify her.” 
Trump brought a small number of women from Bill’s past to the October 9 presidential debate, where he pointed out that they should be honored for standing up, rather than humiliated. Politico published the transcript of Trump looking at Bill’s accusers, then saying: 
Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight … So don’t tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it’s disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. 
Yet Christian speaker Beth Beth Moore focused her attention on Trump. In an October 9 tweet, Moore said , “I’m one among many women sexually abused, misused, stared down, heckled, talked naughty to. Like we liked it. We didn’t. We’re tired of it.” 
In another tweet on the same day, Moore criticized evangelicals who continue to stand with Trump: “Try to absorb how acceptable the disesteem and objectifying of women has been when some Christian leaders don’t think it’s that big a deal.” 
It would be interesting to ask Monica Lewinsky , Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, and Juanita Broaddrick which was most painful, words that Trump spoke 11 years ago — and subsequently apologized for — or Bill Clinton’s actions and alleged actions, combined with Hillary Clinton’s treatment of women who dared to speak up? source 
“And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.” Revelation 18:4 (KJV) 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING