12 Signs Of Extreme Optimism In America Now That Donald Trump Has Been Elected By Michael Snyder, on November 23rd, 2016 
The election of Donald Trump has brought a giant wave of optimism to conservative America unlike anything that we have seen since probably the days of Ronald Reagan. Millions of Americans that were once deeply pessimistic about the future of this country now have hope again thanks to what many consider to be the greatest miracle in the history of U.S. politics . And just like so many of the pre-election polls, the predictions about how the nation would immediately respond to a Trump victory have turned out to be completely wrong as well. 
Instead of a historic stock market crash as many in the mainstream media were projecting, we have seen an unprecedented stock market rally in the days following Trump’s win. 
Instead of an immediate economic downturn, many economic indicators have surged to their highest levels in quite some time in recent weeks. 
And instead of feeling gloomy about the future, many Americans are feeling really good about what is ahead for the first time in a very long time. 
The following are 12 signs of extreme optimism in America now that Donald Trump has been elected… 
#1 The U.S. dollar is once again the strongest currency in the world. It has soared in value since Trump’s stunning election victory and on Wednesday the U.S. dollar index hit the highest level that we have seen since March 2003 . 
#2 Stocks continue to skyrocket in the aftermath of Trump’s win. On Wednesday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a brand new all-time record closing high of 19083.18 . 
#3 The University of Michigan’s consumer expectations index has hit the highest level in 18 months . 
#4 The percentage of Americans that believe that the U.S. will experience “continuous good times” over the next year has risen to 46 percent , which is up 11 percent from the reading in October. 
#5 Some other newly released numbers show that U.S. consumers are the most optimistic that they have been in a decade … 
According to the latest report , in some cases, Americans are the most hopeful they have been in more than a decade. For the first time since 2006, 37 percent of households said they expect their personal finances to improve in 2017. Also hitting decade highs: real income expectations, as wage growth continues to gain strength in a broadening swath of the economy. 
#6 Investor optimism about stock prices has risen to the highest level in 21 months . 
#7 U.S. manufacturing PMI has hit the highest level in 13 months . 
#8 The number of U.S. oil rigs in operation has hit a 10 month high . 
#9 The Federal Reserve appears to think that the U.S. economy is now “strong enough” for a hike in interest rates in December . 
#10 Now that Trump has won, gun stores are reporting that sales are down significantly as Americans embrace a more positive outlook regarding the future. 
#11 A new Gallup poll has found that 51 percent of Americans have become “more confident” in Trump’s ability to lead the country since the election, and only 40 percent have become “less confident”. 
#12 As I discussed just a few days ago , Gallup has also found that the percentage of Republicans that believe that the U.S. economy is “getting better” jumped from 16 percent just prior to the election to 49 percent after the election. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that the U.S. economy will become stronger than ever before. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that the U.S. military will be rebuilt and will become so strong that nobody will ever dare to mess with us. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that the United States will once again become the most loved and most respected nation on the entire planet. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that relations with Russia, China and other major foreign powers will significantly improve. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that we are on the verge of a “financial harvest” unlike anything we have ever seen before. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that honor and integrity will be restored throughout our judicial system. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans believe that “law and order” will be restored to our cities. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected, many Americans are convinced that we are entering a new golden age of peace and prosperity for the United States. 
None of those things are true. 
You may not believe me right now, and that is okay, but ultimately all of the things that I have been warning about are going to hit America. We are headed for the worst times that this nation has ever experienced, and in the end it isn’t going to make a difference whether Donald Trump is in the White House or not. November 23rd, 2016 | Tags: Conservative , Donald Trump , Miracle , Optimism , Optimistic , Pain , Painful , Pessimism , Pessimistic , The Future Of America , Trump | Category: Christian , Commentary , Financial , Politics America Is Falling: More Men Than Ever Want To Watch Their Wives And Girlfriends Have Sex With Other Men » Guest 
LOL. When I saw the title of this article, Michael, I thought that you had changed your view of things. 
Personally, I’m tired of it all. Maybe I spend too much time on the internet reading alternative news sites. My goal is to fast from the internet tomorrow. I’m going relax and spend time with my family and give thanks for the blessings in my life.