By wmw_admin on October 28, 2016 by Henry Makow Ph.D. — henrymakow.com Oct 27, 2016 Where have I seen this before? Hitler was false opposition and I am afraid Trump is too. But false opposition is better than none at all. I believe Donald Trump will win the Presidential election November 8 . However, as I will explain later, I am hesitant to think that his victory will be a setback for the New World Order. I agree with Michael Moore who eloquently predicts the majority of American voters will deliver a big Fuck You to the political establishment: “Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of the Ford Motor executives and said, ‘If you close these factories as you’re planning to do in Detroit and build them in Mexico, I’m going to put a 35 percent tariff on those cars when you send them back. And nobody’s gonna buy them.’ It was an amazing thing to see. No politician, Republican or Democrat, had ever said anything like that to these executives. And it was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, the Brexit states… And on November 8th, Election Day – although they’ve lost their jobs, although they’ve been foreclosed on by the bank, next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone, the car has been repo’d, they haven’t had a real vacation in years, they’re stuck with the shitty Obamacare Bronze plan where you can’t even get a fucking Percocet – they’ve essentially lost everything they had. … So on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain and take that lever, or felt pen, or touch screen and put a big fucking X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives. Donald J. Trump. They see that the elites, who ruined their lives, hate Trump. Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The media hate Trump – after they loved him and created him and now hate him. Thank you, media. The enemy of my enemy is who I’m voting for on November 8th. Yes, on November 8th, you, Joe Blow, Steve Blow, Bob Blow, Bill Blow, Billy Bob Blow, all the Blows – get to go and blow up the whole God damn system because it’s your right. Trump’s election is going to be the biggest fuck you ever recorded in human history. And it will feel good.” Despite his (pre-divorce) net worth of $50 million , Moore clearly has not lost the common touch. IS TRUMP FALSE OPPOSITION?