Pinterest 
Donald Trump has ended all campaigning and fundraising events meant to help the Republican party and their get-out-the-vote campaign in the final two weeks. 
Aides to the GOP candidate told Fox News that “Trump Victory,” the fundraising committee for the campaign and the party, held its last fundraiser on Oct. 19 – and that was the last one. 
The move cuts off a key financial source for Republican candidates hoping to retain control of both the House and the Senate, Fox News is reporting . 
“We’ve kind of wound down,” Trump’s finance chairman Steven Mnuchin said. “But the online fundraising continues to be strong.” 
By contrast, The Washington Post is reporting that the Clinton campaign has held no fewer than 41 fundraising events between now and election day . 
Mnuchin said that Trump was focusing on making a final pitch to voters at events and rallies rather than directly soliciting for money. 
“We have minimized his fundraising schedule over the last month to emphasize his focus on political [events],” Mnuchin said of the candidate. “Unlike Hillary, who has been fundraising and not out and about, he has constantly been out and about.” 
The Post reports the RNC has collected about $40 million from “Trump Victory” since Sept. 30. 
RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the organization “[continues] to fundraise for the entire GOP ticket.” 
Meanwhile, Politico reported Tuesday that the Senate Leadership Fund, a Super PAC with ties to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was putting $25 million into seven Senate races deemed crucial in determining the balance of power on Capitol Hill. 
The Trump campaign has largely written off the GOP establishment for much support, and it appears this is a little bit of “payback.” Trump has said he doesn’t need the party to win, and if the polls are any indication, he might be right. The IBD poll – often considered the most reliable presidential poll in the country, shows Donald Trump up by two percentage points nationwide.