A jury in St. Louis has awarded a California woman over $70 million in her lawsuit alleging Johnson & Johnson’s baby powder of giving her cancer. 

This lawsuit is raising concerns about the health ramifications of the extended use of talcum powder. 

The trial began on September 26th, 2016 after Deborah Giannecchini of Modesto, California was diagnosed with ovarian cancer back in 2012. Her suit accused Johnson & Johnson of “negligent conduct” in making and marketing baby powder that is hazardous to human health. 

There have already been two other lawsuits this year in St. Louis, ending in jury verdicts worth a combined $127 million. $72 million was awarded in February to relatives of a woman in Alabama who died of ovarian cancer, and a $55 million award was given to a South Dakota survivor in May. Yet there were two others in New Jersey that were thrown out by a judge who said there wasn’t enough reliable evidence that talcum powder leads to ovarian cancer. Ovarian cancer, an often fatal but relatively rare form of cancer accounts for about 22,000 of the 1/7 million new cases expected to be diagnosed in the U.S. this year. 

About 2,000 women have filed similar suits, while lawyers are reviewing thousands of other potential cases. 

Although there are studies that claim that the use of talcum powder is safe, there is other research that connects talcum powder to ovarian cancer. Case studies have indicated that women who regularly use talcum on their genital area face up to a 40% higher risk of developing ovarian cancer. 

The International Agency for Research on Cancer classifies genital use of talcum as “possibly carcinogenic”, and yet the National Toxicology Program, made up of parts of several different government agencies, has not completely reviewed talcum yet. 

Talcum is mainly used in a variety of products like paint and plastics, but since at least 1894, it has also been used in cosmetics and personal care products to absorb moisture. Talcum is the softest of minerals and it is mined from deposits from around the world and crushed into a white powder. 

Prior to this recent verdict, the two previous St. Louis verdicts were the first talcum powder cases in which money was awarded. 

This is not the first time Johnson & Johnson has been targeted by health and consumer groups over the ingredients in its products. In 2012 the company agreed to eliminate 1,4-dioxane and formaldehyde from all products by 2015.