Don’t let the media tell you that the anti-Donald Trump, anti-democratic and anti-American violence occurring across the nation is isolated or limited or really nothing to report on . 
Because it most certainly is. 
The mainstream media has just been too busy reporting on some of the stupid or decades-old comments Donald Trump makes to report on them. 
Or maybe they’re so in the tank for the Left, they are willing to ignore what’s right in front of their face – like the undercover video showing Hillary operatives staging and inciting violence at Trump rallies. 
Some events the media simply can’t ignore – like the firebombing of a Republican Party headquarters in North Carolina. That was universally labeled an act of “political terrorism,” which it clearly was. 
But the truth is, there are many more examples of this kind of violent hatred across the country. Our friends at Lifezette have compiled some of the most notable examples that you may not have been told about. They get local media coverage, but barely make it into the national news: On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. On Sept. 26 at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota, as the first presidential debate was about to get underway, a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted while heading to a debate watch event. “Nobody, regardless of race, gender, or political party, should feel unsafe because of the way they look or what they wear when they walk on campus,” the Minnesota Federation of College Republicans said in a press release. On Aug. 19 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Trump supporters had to run a gauntlet of angry protesters to get into a Trump fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center. When they left after the event they were hit, pushed, and spit on. On Aug. 13 in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, 68-year-old cancer survivor Vester Bullock was beaten at a garage sale because he wore a Trump pin on his hat. The assailant “slammed his arms, walked up to me and said, ‘My wife told me I shouldn’t trust a God-damn Republican,'” he said. The man complained the staple gun Bullock sold him didn’t work. “I told him ‘I’ll give you your money back,'” said Bullock. “But he kept calling me all kinds of names.” The man punched Bullock in the jaw so hard he lost a tooth. On Aug. 12 in the West Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, two women assaulted pro-Trump activist Tim Treadstone after a Trump rally. “This blonde girl grabbed my iPhone and threw it as hard as she could to the pavement,” he said. “And before I could pick it up, the brunette who was throwing the food at people punched me in the head. My glasses and my hat flew off. There were claw marks on my neck.” Last week, the two women were formally charged with assault and battery. The night of the rally, Treadstone and a group of Trump hat-wearers were denied service at a popular Mexican eatery. Customers began screaming at the Trump backers and throwing food at them. Earlier, at the West Hollywood rally, “a can of Monster energy drink, eggs, and dog feces were also thrown at pro-Trump demonstrators,” according to Breitbart News. “The can of Monster hit one man on the back.” On Aug. 3 in Bloomfield, New Jersey, an assailant attacked a 62-year-old man who was walking down the street wearing a pro-Trump T-shirt, local police said. “The motorist inquired why [the man] was wearing the shirt, directing profanities at him,” a police spokesman said. “The [victim] continued to walk away as [the] motorist followed him.” The motorist hit the man several times with a crowbar, causing injuries to his arms, hands, and thighs, On June 18, 19-year-old British national Michael Sandford tried to take a gun from a Las Vegas police officer during a Trump rally. Sandford was arrested and reportedly said he intended to use the gun to kill Trump. Unlike most of the anti-Trump attacks, this event was widely reported by the media. On June 2, in San Jose, California, rioters assaulted a group of attendees leaving a Trump rally. Fourteen of those attacked have filed a class-action lawsuit against the city and Mayor Sam Liccardo. The attendees “were victimized by being forced by armed police to walk into a riot in full swing where many were assaulted while police looked on,” said their lawyer, Harmeet K. Dhillon. In San Jose, protesters also threw eggs, a tomato, and a bottle at Rachel Casey, a 29-year-old Trump supporter they cornered outside a hotel. “I knew if I was to touch one of them or I was to grab one of the flags they were waving in my face that they would have attacked me or beaten me with those flag poles that were metal,” Casey told Breitbart News. “I just kept a straight face, I don’t know how. I just knew if I touched one of them I would get hurt. Luckily someone let me in that hotel, finally, someone finally opened the door.” On April 28, in Costa Mesa, California, anti-Trump demonstrators threw rocks at moving cars. One bloodied the face of a Trump supporter who was driving away after the rally. About 20 people were arrested. On March 12 at the Dayton, Ohio, airport, Black Lives Matter supporter Thomas Dimassimo rushed the small stage where Trump was speaking, an attack that received widespread media attention. He was tackled by Secret Service agents before he could reach the GOP candidate and was later charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic. Before the attack he tweeted: “I’ve had about all I can take from the violent trump ralliers. Saturday im [sic] going to check my people and spit on their false king.” After his release from jail, hours later, he tweeted: “F**k you b**ch @realDonaldTrump[.]” 
This is but a sampling of the violence that has occurred by the left against Republicans, conservatives and Donald Trump supporters. 
So anyone who suggests that there would be violence after any contested elections needs to turn their eyes squarely on Hillary Clinton and her supporters.