In November 2014, a horrific gang rape allegedly took place at a New Jersey college. 
The supposed victim: a 19-year-old woman who claims she was lured into a fraternity “date party” by members of Pi Kappa Alpha (PIKE). 
She's continuing to fight for justice after what allegedly happened to her two years ago, by filing a federal lawsuit in U.S. District Court last week against Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey. Ex-student sues NJ college over alleged 'brutal' gang rape at frat house, dorm https://t.co/84VQ1uKHZY — New Jersey 101.5 (@nj1015) October 25, 2016 
According to northjersey.com , the victim was greeted at her dorm door by a fraternity member in a tuxedo, who was reportedly “assigned” to get girls to come to the party. 
Once the victim was there, court documents reveal she became drunk to the point of unconsciousness and woke up after attending the party, felt she had been sexually assaulted, and went to Hackensack University Medical Center. Officials there found lacerations “consistent with non-consensual sex.” 
The teen, who goes by “Jane Doe” in the lawsuit, claims she was gang raped by tuxedo-wearing Christopher A. Lopez and another student, Nakeem Gardner, who are now 26 and 22 years old. 
The New York Daily News reports Lopez and Gardner even played the game “rock, paper, scissors” to decide who would have sex with the female student first. 
And the abuse allegedly didn't end there. NJ.com reports: 
After the initial sexual assault, the teen was involuntarily moved “without her shoes, underwear and jacket” across campus to Mackin Hall, where she was raped by others, the lawsuit claims. 
The suit alleges some of the male students “were falling-down laughing hysterically while also videotaping the sexual assault” on a cell phone. 
Three other students — Christopher Rainone, 20, Jordyn Massood, 20, and Justin Sommers, 20 — were also charged in connection to the alleged assault. 
Lopez and Gardner were charged with second degree sexual assault for allegedly gang raping the victim. Rainone, Massod and Sommers were charged with failing to aid the victim and for videotaping her while she was naked. 
All five former students have been indicted in connection with the alleged attacks, but pleaded not guilty in July 2016, and were offered a plea deal as a result. Image Credit: Bergen County Prosecutor's Office 
The lawsuit holds Ramapo College and/or PIKE Fraternity and Chapter accountable for what allegedly happened. 
Here are just a few of the suits ' claims: 
“College and PIKE Fraternity representatives were aware of the events leading up to the assaults, but did nothing to intervene or stop them from unfolding.” 
“This includes public safety and security employees and representatives, including outside Campus Security staff on patrol and present in security booths and checkpoints, well as the individual responsible for entry and exit at Mackin Hall.” 
“The school failed to enforce their own alcohol policies and failed to deter underage drinking on campus.” 
“Ramapo College was negligent, had deliberate indifference and failed to render assistance to a victim and intentional infliction of emotional distress.” 
The lawsuit goes on to argue that the victim has suffered permanent physical, psychological and emotional injuries as a result. 
Incidentally, this same college made headlines in 2014, when a school-led session on “understanding sexual assault” included advice that females should be aware of how their facial expressions could be misinterpreted by members of the opposite sex. 
Vice president at Ramapo, Cathy Davey, told northjersey.com the college hadn't yet been served with the lawsuit as of Tuesday, and that PIKE Fraternity was “no longer on campus.”