Share on Twitter 
During the third and final presidential debate, Donald Trump gave a fairly graphic description of what happens during a partial-birth abortion. Hillary Clinton was quick to say that — basically — Trump was full of it, and that procedure “isn't what happens at all.” 
But the National Right to Life describes the procedure in vivid detail: 
Partial-Birth Abortion is a procedure in which the abortionist pulls a living baby feet-first out of the womb and into the birth canal (vagina), except for the head, which the abortionist purposely keeps lodged just inside the cervix (the opening to the womb). The abortionist punctures the base of the baby’s skull with a surgical instrument, such as a long surgical scissors or a pointed hollow metal tube called a trochar. He then inserts a catheter (tube) into the wound, and removes the baby's brain with a powerful suction machine. This causes the skull to collapse, after which the abortionist completes the delivery of the now-dead baby. 
And the exact same procedure was detailed in the 1996 ban on partial-birth abortion that was vetoed by Bill Clinton. A similar ban was later passed again by Congress, and was signed into law by President George W. Bush in 2003. 
Following the debate, in defense of Hillary Clinton, late-night host Samantha Bee (“Full Frontal with Samantha Bee”) doubled down on Clinton's position, saying that partial-birth abortion “isn't a thing”: Image Credit: YouTube 
But just a few seconds later, she offers a back-handed admission that partial-birth abortion is a thing after all, it's just a thing that was banned in 2003: Image Credit: YouTube 
Bee went on to cheer Hillary for being the...: 
“...passionate and unapologetic feminist we haven't seen since the 90s. One who stood in a shower of sh*t and managed to do what 16 primary candidates and the GOP establishment couldn't: Namely, beat this d**k-waving, Berlusconi knock-off like a little bitch.” 
Enter radio host Steven Crowder (“Louder with Crowder”)... 
In a video response to Bee's post-debate diatribe, Crowder pointed out that not only does the procedure exist [warning: his descriptions are exceptionally graphic], but that Hillary Clinton did, in fact, vote against banning it in the Senate in 2003: 
Crowder deftly took on Bee's argument with a jab: 
“Oh, this is the part where we condemn white men for having an opinion on murder...” 
A cross: 
“A 'fatal birth defect.' Does that mean a baby who would be dead on arrival, or does it mean any baby that might have a disability and so the parents don't want to go through the trouble of raising that child?” 
And a Chuck Norris-caliber roundhouse kick: 
“Health of the mother? Anything can be filed under 'health.' And they have — including anxiety disorders, slight irritability, or not wanting to go to prom [pregnant].” 
Crowder also went on to examine the typical liberal defense of abortion, systematically dismantling arguments that protect abortion in the name of “freedom” and “women's health.”