Posted on April 4, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 34 Comments 
Americans didn’t know about a curious species of fakery called Crisis Actors until the Dec. 14, 2012 Sandy Hook false-flag shooting massacre. (See “ Remarkable resemblance of Sandy Hook victims and professional crisis actors “) 
Located in Denver, Colorado, a business that calls itself VisionBox Crisis Actors provides professionals (“trained players and actors”) who impersonate real-life people in simulations of mass casualty events, such as government drills, shootings and bombings, to help “schools and first responders create realistic drills, full-scale exercises, high-fidelity simulations, and interactive 3D films.” As an Oct. 31, 2012 feature story on the Crisis Actors website which I found on January 1, 2013, once boasted: 
A new group of actors is now available nationwide for active shooter drills and mall shooting full-scale exercises, announced Visionbox, Denver’s leading professional actors studio. 
Visionbox Crisis Actors are trained in criminal and victim behavior, and bring intense realism to simulated mass casualty incidents in public places. 
The actors’ stage acting experience , ranging from Shakespeare to contemporary American theater, enables them to “stay in character” throughout an exercise, and improvise scenes of extreme stress while strictly following official exercise scenarios. […] 
Visionbox Crisis Actors can also play the role of citizens calling 911 or mall management, or posting comments on social media websites. 
For more, see my post “ Professional crisis actors simulate mass casualty events “. 
Curiously, since the phenomenon of crisis actors was uncovered after the Sandy Hook false-flag, crisis actors seem to have gone underground. VisionBox revised its website, removing any mention of crisis actors. But this video that was uploaded to YouTube on Dec. 23, 2012, says the same things about VisionBox which I had reported: 
Professor James Tracy also recently discovered that Crisisactors.org , the website established to represent the collaboration between the Visionbox professional actors studio and FEMA’s Emergency Management Institute , went dormant after August 2014. (See “ Where Have All the Crisis Actors Gone? “) 
To add to the insanity, there are even amputee crisis actors, such as those from a business called Amputees in Action , which provides “trained professional amputee actors” who promise to “remain in character”“for the film and screen industries and for emergency and military services training simulations” with “special effects (SFX) make-up, moulage and prosthetic artists use cutting edge technology to enhance and extend the appearance and function of limb-loss scenarios.” (For more, see my post “ Did you know there are AMPUTEE crisis actors? “) 
Alleged victim of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, Jeff Bauman, is an example of an amputee crisis actor. See the reasons why in “ Hollywood producer Nathan Folks says Boston Bombing’s a false flag ”. 
Now add fake political protests and protesters to the things that crisis actors do. 
Jamie Taete reports for Vice , Aug. 6, 2013, that Crowds on Demand is a company that will organize a crowd for you, on demand. The crowd can be fake fans for some celebrity or aspiring celebrity, or fake protesters for a cause. 
Since the company’s fake fan events are “super secret,” Taete attended instead “a fake protest” called “Purge Day USA” (to purge mental health problems) which the company organized in Los Angeles “in coordination with a charity” to “raise awareness about mental health issues”. Here’s a photo of the fake protesters: 
Crowds on Demand’s founder and CEO Adam Swart said that there were about 20 protesters at the fake protest and all of them were “provided by me”. The fake protesters were paid $15 an hour. Swart charges “a couple thousand dollars” to organize a fake protest with about 20 actors, but he gives discounts to charities. 
To critics who say Crowds on Demand is unethical, Swart , who is only 24 years old , openly and brazenly admits: “Is it misleading? Yes. That’s the idea.” 
A more recent example of fake protesters is an ad on Craig’s List soliciting actors to impersonate protesters at Trump rallies. 
As reported by ZeroHedge on March 30, 2016, the ad was placed by “I’m feelin’ the Bern” Bernie Sanders supporters who promise to provide shuttle buses, parking, and protest signs, as well as $15/hour to the actors. Here’s a screenshot of the Craig’s List ad: 
The above ad has since been removed by its author , but the Daily Caller points out the ad is part of a recurring pattern of anti-Trump Craigslist ads soliciting and paying people to protest at Trump rallies. But Daily Caller claims that the fake protesters are hired not by Sanders, but by Hillary Clinton’s people, and paid for by the usual suspects George Soros, MoveOn.org, and Progressive Auto Insurance ‘s Jonathan Lewis : 
The Establishment on both the left and the right, who want to disenfranchise the millions of Republican voters who support Donald Trump, have blamed the staged riots near Trump rallies on Trump or on Bernie Sanders. That’s like blaming the Russians for the Reichstag Fire. Bernie has little to do with these manufactured protests. This is a Clinton operation, a faux protest. 
False flag operations have long been common in politics, but these riots are poisonous to the electorate, intentionally designed to turn violent and stifle free speech. 
This free speech-busting goon squad operation is directed by supporters of Hillary Clinton. It is paid for mostly by George Soros and MoveOn.org and pushed by David Brock at Media Matters for America. It’s also funded by reclusive billionaire Jonathan Lewis, who was identified by the Miami New Times as a “mystery man.” He inherited roughly a billion dollars from his father Peter Lewis (founder of Progressive Insurance Company). 
A march and demonstration against Trump at Trump Tower essentially fizzled Saturday when only 500 “protesters” of the promised 5000 showed up. Infiltrating the crowd, I learned most were from MoveOn or the Occupy movement. Soap was definitely in short supply in this crowd. Several admitted answering a Craig’s list ad paying $16.00 an hour for protesters. 
Hillary understands that Trump would lose the votes of certain establishment Republicans if he were the nominee. On the other hand, it doesn’t matter, because of his crossover outreach. In Michigan, Democrats and independents who have lost their jobs because of disastrous globalist trade deals like NAFTA are lining up to vote for Donald. 
And so, when you see an anti-Trump protest or another mass shooting, don’t believe your eyes. The “protesters” and “victims”— including amputees! — you see may just be acting. 
~Eowyn