Posted on November 6, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 1 Comment 
Religion and science need not be at loggerheads for, once again, science discovered something Christians have long believed — that we each have a soul. 
Yesterday, an article in the UK rag, The Sun , told of a scientific discovery that that actually is several years old: Physicists have discovered the equivalent of the soul, i.e., something that endures after the death of our bodies. 
To begin, physicists like renowned British physicist Sir Roger Penrose now believe that human consciousness is something ineffable that’s “beyond the computational laws of physics”. Watch and listen as Penrose grapples at describing our consciousness in the video below, beginning at the 2:11 mark: 
“To me, there is something outside the computational laws of physics. And when I wrote my book, ‘The Emperor’s New Mind,’ I was trying to develop this idea, and I was trying to say, ‘Well, there is something else out there.’ What could it be? Where is the biggest gap in our understanding of physics? . . . most of these things don’t have a direct bearing on what the brain does . . . . This big gap is within present-day quantum mechanics . . . maybe that gap is where the theory has to be outside a computational system.” 
According to Penrose and other physicists, our consciousness is “a packet of information” that’s stored at a quantum or sub-atomic level in microtubules within human cells. When a person dies, his or her quantum information (or consciousness) leaves the body and is released into the universe, only to return to the body’s cells if the host is brought back to life. Penrose argues that this explains why people can have near-death experiences, and believes that this quantum information amounts to a soul leaving the body : 
“If the patient dies, it’s possible that this quantum information can exist outside the body, perhaps indefinitely, as a soul.” 
From Wikipedia : 
“Microtubules are a component of the cytoskeleton , [cellular skeleton] found throughout the cytoplasm . . . . The outer diameter of a microtubule is about 24 nm [nanometre * ] while the inner diameter is about 12 nm . . . . Microtubules are very important in a number of cellular processes. They are involved in maintaining the structure of the cell and, together with microfilaments and intermediate filaments , they form the cytoskeleton . They also make up the internal structure of cilia and flagella .They provide platforms for intracellular transport and are involved in a variety of cellular processes, including the movement of secretory vesicles , organelles , and intracellular macromolecular assemblies (see entries for dynein and kinesin ). They are also involved in chromosome separation ( mitosis and meiosis ), and are the major constituents of mitotic spindles , which are used to pull apart eukaryotic chromosomes .” 
* Note: One nanometre is one-billionth of a metre. 
Dr. Hans-Peter Dürr , former head of Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich, said: 
“What we consider the here and now, this world, it is actually just the material level that is comprehensible. The beyond is an infinite reality that is much bigger. The body dies but the spiritual quantum field continues. In this way, I am immortal.” 
As reported four years ago by Australia’s News.com on Oct. 31, 2012, Sir Roger Penrose and Dr. Stuart Hameroff , Professor Emeritus at the Departments of Anesthesiology and Psychology and Director of the Center of Consciousness Studies at the University of Arizona, developed a quantum theory of consciousness asserting that our souls are contained inside structures called microtubules within our brain cells. Our experience of consciousness is the result of quantum gravity effects inside these microtubules – a process they call orchestrated objective reduction (Orch-OR). In a near-death experience the microtubules lose their quantum state, but the information within them is not destroyed. Or in layman’s terms, the soul does not die but returns to the universe. 
Dr Hameroff explained the theory at length in the documentary Through the Wormhole , which was aired on the Science Channel: 
“The quantum information within the microtubules is not destroyed, it can’t be destroyed, it just distributes and dissipates to the universe at large. If the patient is resuscitated, revived, this quantum information can go back into the microtubules and the patient says ‘I had a near death experience’. [If the patient dies, it is] possible that this quantum information can exist outside the body indefinitely – as a soul.” 
See also: