Share on Facebook 
One of the biggest reasons Donald Trump was able to win enough votes to take over the White House was his relentless attacks of corruption against Hillary Clinton, all while the media virtually ignored the accusations of corruption against Donald Trump. In fact, it’s looking more and more likely that by his very first day in office, Donald Trump will be the most corrupt president ever. 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews and MSNBC’s Chief Legal Analyst, Ari Melber are among several who are beginning to wake up to the reality that Trump plans on using the presidency in the very worst way possible, in a way that would have the Founding Fathers rolling in their graves. Our first self-described billionaire President Elect plans on using the presidency to make himself and his family even more wealthy. 
One of the biggest problems, as Matthew sees it, is that Trump wants to give his children national security clearance and everything that goes along with it, all while letting them take the reigns of the Trump fortune. This is illegal in so many ways. 
As Melber points out, hiring family was banned in an anti-nepotism law passed in 1967. Proponents of the law were especially concerned because a President should be free to fire staff and cabinet members, but that can be tough to do if staff or cabinet members are family. Trump’s workaround for the nepotism law, though, is to not give his family members official titles, but still, he hopes to include them in his decision making processes and let them sit in on critical meetings. 
Here’s the thought and anger provoking video: 
While Matthews’ and Melber’s discussion was mostly theoretical, there are already real-life consequences to Trump’s glaring conflicts of interests. 
The Washington Post on Friday reported that about 100 foreign diplomats are trying to curry favor with the Trump administration by booking rooms in Trump’s Washington DC hotel, sometimes at rates of up to $20,000 a night. If you recall, the Clinton Foundation was accused of offering access in exchange for donations. The evidence that that ever happened was weak, but still, it was something that Trump didn’t let go of during his entire campaign. The idea that Trump would be hosting diplomats, in his hotel, to profit his company, is way beyond anything Clinton is accused of. 
That’s not even the tip of the iceberg. While he did settle the Trump University fraud case, Trump apparently Underreported: 
Trump owes millions to Deutsche Bank 
which is being fined for $14 billion by DoJ 
which Trump will oversee as POTUS pic.twitter.com/vd724yNjYZ 
— Adam Khan (@Khanoisseur) October 7, 2016 
” target=”_blank”>owes millions to Deutsche Bank, a bank which is being fined by the Department of Justice. Will Trump drop the fines in exchange for Deutsche Bank dropping their claim? Perhaps Trump will uncharacteristically take the high road (doubtful), but no president should have that power to begin with. 
I’m sure as we turn over even more rocks, we’ll find far more conflicts of interest and evidence that Trump only ran for office for personal enrichment. 
There’s a reason elected officials are supposed to put all their assets into blind trusts (and handing them over to their kids is the exact opposite of a blind trust). Governments are not in the business of making money. Trump is. That’s a conflict of interest and it should be deemed unacceptable by all Americans.