Share This Hillary Clinton is undoubtedly having a terrible day after finding out the FBI investigation has been reopened. However, she’s was instantly steamrolled with more devastating news concerning her recent poll lead. 
Hillary Clinton and her leftist lapdog media have been busy celebrating her “imminent” victory, practically declaring her president before the election is even over. However, in an unbelievable turn of events, she just received some potentially devastating news about her poll lead over Donald Trump that has the nation in an uproar. 
Just recently, Hillary and her team of liberal shills were busted “rigging elections” with both massive voter fraud at the polls and working with mainstream media outlets to perpetuate a bias against Trump to cover her own felonious scandals. The partiality and voter fraud are so severe that many were left wondering if there’s really any way to beat Hillary or if it’s a predetermined selection from the liberal elitists. 
Just as Hillary thought she was going to hobble straight into the White House again, however, she received some news that crucially threatens her election during the most critical time. 
Breitbart reports that less than one week after Trump was suffering an immense lag behind Hillary in the polls, the gap is suddenly coming to a close with the Republican nominee leaping forward a massive 5 points, leaving him just 4 behind the Democratic opponent. Even though Trump was at 38 percent on October 22, he has since rapidly climbed to 44 percent and is expected to seal the gap. 
The unbelievable rise in Trump’s support comes just before the FBI announced that it is reopening their investigation into Hillary’s private email server, meaning that his approval rating is sure to skyrocket even further with the great chance that he’ll surpass the scandalous liberal candidate just as voters head to the polls. Even before the FBI announced it will re-investigate Hillary Clinton’s private email server, Trump was already closing the polling gap. It’s likely that he will easily catch up to her since more classified emails have been leaked. 
What’s even more miraculous is that Trump is fighting against all odds, including a stifling media bias that’s found to wholly working against him with 91 percent of 184 opinionated statements considered to be negative. However, even this buying of the mainstream media hasn’t stopped the hypothetical Trump train, as the underdog candidate even won early votes in Florida and is the only Republican to do so in the critical swing state. 
Although Hillary and her media pets have been tirelessly scheming around the clock to discourage citizens from voting for Trump, reporting fake poll numbers that show her in a major lead, even the left-leaning ABC and Washington Post couldn’t deny Trump’s rapid incline. Not only has Trump gained 5 points, according to their tracking poll, Hillary fell 2, meaning that either undecided or Hillary voters are beginning to support Trump. 
Ironically, even Hillary’s campaign manager Robby Mook was forced to admit that Trump could very well be the next U.S. President. 
“Donald Trump has been going around telling people not to listen to the polls, and saying that he can still win this race. Well, you know what, he’s absolutely right,” Mook announced in a video. 
Just minutes after FBI Director James Comey officially announced the reopened investigation, the stocks suddenly started to tank , which many believe is indicative of a Trump win. It appears as though the liberal elite and Wall Street bankers are panicking at the idea that the easily bought Hillary might not make it to November 8. 
Regardless of your stance on the presidential election, it’s clear that the mainstream media has been purchased and is striving to scare Trump voters away from the polls. Considering that this is true, imagine just how many more potential Trump voters are staying home because they feel as though a victory is hopeless — when, indeed, it’s obviously not.