Editor’s Note: We can only hope that the following is finally the real deal. As noted by Zero Hedge in the report below, the FBI is re-opening the probe into the Hillary Clinton email scandal. With less than two weeks to go before election day, however, we’re not convinced anything will come of it because once Hillary has been selected to the highest office of the land, it is quite likely that any and all investigations into all matters Clinton will cease instantly. So, unless charges are filed in the next week or so, chances are this “probe” will end just like the last one. 

Via Zero Hedge :
Donald Trump has opined:
*TRUMP SAYS HE NOW HAS `GREAT RESPECT’ FOR FBI, DOJ *TRUMP ON FBI NEWS: `PERHAPS FINALLY JUSTICE WILL BE DONE’ *TRUMP: FBI WILL RIGHT THE SHIP *TRUMP SAYS FBI NEWS SHOWS SYSTEM MAY NOT BE `RIGGED’ * * *
As we detailed earlier, in a stunning development moments ago Jason Chaffetz tweeted that the FBI’s probe into Hillary Clinton emails has been reopened: saying that “ The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation .”
FBI Dir just informed me, “The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” Case reopened
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 

After being briefed by his investigative team, Comey “agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.” Comey said he could not predict how long it would take the bureau to assess whether the new emails are “significant.”
Moments later, NBC News reported that the agency was reopening the investigation and shared a letter from FBI director James Comey informing key lawmakers of the investigation.. .
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information,” Comey wrote
The full letter to members of Congress, in which FBI director James Comey said the agency had “learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation” in connection with an unrelated case, is shown below.
BIG: The FBI is reopening its investigation into @HillaryClinton ‘s email server. Here’s the letter from the FBI to Congress: pic.twitter.com/OKjipTeiJp 
— Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) October 28, 2016