Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
Police say they have caught the man they believe shot two Iowa police officers dead in what is being described as an “ambush-style” attack. 
The man behind the shooting is reportedly Scott Michael Greene, a 46-year-old Urbandale resident with a history of run-ins with the law, Confederate flag fetishism, and anger towards African Americans. He also has a recent obsession with Donald Trump. 
In a video allegedly posted by Greene and discovered by Buzzfeed , the soon-to-be cop killer records himself having an altercation with police officers on October 14. In a comment below the video, he says: 
“I was offended by the blacks sitting through our anthem. Thousands more whites fought and died for their freedom. However this is not about the Armed forces, they are cop haters.” 
Ironically, the video mostly featured Greene yelling at various cops about his rights while they try to escort him from a high school property. A selfie taken at the game shows why witnesses found Greene to be disturbing the peace. Greene decided to bring his Confederate flag to the stands with him. 
Naturally, Greene’s neighbors say he came out hard for Trump several weeks ago, even placing a large Trump/Pence 2016 sign in his yard. Neighbor tells me that shooting suspect Scott Michael Greene put this Trump sign in his yard approx 2 weeks ago. pic.twitter.com/8HjtthB51I 
— Grant Rodgers (@GrantMRodgers) November 2, 2016 
Not exactly a surprising development considering the Republican candidates uncanny ability to collect endorsements from neo-Nazis, KKK leaders, and other hate groups. Also not surprising: The typically loud-mouthed Trump has been dead silent about the fact that his own supporter is allegedly involved in the execution of two police officers. Ditto for many of the same Republicans who rushed to baselessly blame Hillary Clinton and President Obama of inciting violence against cops every time they can. 
Iowa’s own Rep. Steve King (R) had this inflammatory remark to say just after the Dallas police shooting: #DallasPoliceShooting has roots in first of anti-white/cop events illuminated by Obama…Officer Crowley. There were others. 
— Steve King (@SteveKingIA) July 8, 2016 
But only “prayers” for the victims in this latest shooting. Our hearts & prayers are for 2 Des Moines police officers murdered early this morning, for families & all officers. https://t.co/iyIuxabHei 
— Steve King (@SteveKingIA) November 2, 2016 
And after three officers were killed in Baton Rouge, Trump lashed out. President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016 
But now that one of his own supporters murdered two officers, he’s become more careful. Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 2, 2016 
Notice he didn’t bothered to condemn the violence perpetuated by his own follower. That would take an ounce of class and Trump has never been able to find that for sale. 
Featured image via YouTube