The threat of World War 3 is over! We can now breathe relaxed people! World War 3 will have to wait for another era! It is time for peace and prosperity.
RUSSIA 
Russia is ready and looks forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, commenting on the news of Donald Trump’s victory in the US presidential election.
“We heard [Trump’s] campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States,” President Putin said, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors’ letters of credentials in Moscow.
“We understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment,” he added.
Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the president once again stressed that “it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.”
Earlier today, in a message to Donald Trump the Russian President expressed confidence that the dialogue between Moscow and Washington, in keeping with each other’s views, meets the interests of both Russia and the US.
The Russian leader noted in the message that he hopes to address some “burning issues that are currently on the international agenda, and search for effective responses to the challenges of the global security,” RIA Novosti reported.
On top of it, Putin has expressed confidence that “building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington, based on principles of equality, mutual respect and each other’s positions, meets the interests of the peoples of our countries and of the entire international community.”
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump’s victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington.
“The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said.
“The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday.
A member of the Federation Council Committee on Defense and Security, Senator Aleksey Pushkov, has meanwhile noted that Hillary Clinton’s stake on the conflict with Russia has eventually done her a terrible disservice.
“[Playing the] ‘Russian card’ and portraying Putin as a bad guy did not help Clinton. On the contrary, staking on the conflict with Moscow has only caused fear, doing her a disservice,” he tweeted.
According to many observers, US-Russia relations are now at their lowest point since the Cold War. Putin has repeatedly noted that the worsening of Russia’s relations with the US “was not our choice,” however.
For things to improve between Moscow and Washington, the US should first and foremost start acting like an equal partner and respect Russia’s interests rather than try to dictate terms, Putin said last month.
The US will have to negotiate with Russia on finding solutions to international issues as no state is now able to act alone, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said last week, adding that problems in bilateral relations began to mount long before the Ukrainian crisis broke out in 2014.
FRANCE 
In France, Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has said that the election results mustn’t weaken relations between Europe and the US, and assured that France remains an ally of the US, and will have to see what the new president’s policies will be.
The leader of the French “National front” party, Marine le Pen, has congratulated Trump on his win over Twitter, posting, “Congratulations to the new US president Donald Trump and the free American people!”
ITALY 
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who had previously openly supported Hillary Clinton, congratulated Donald Trump and gave assurances that Italy’s ties with the United States remain strong.
“I wish him well. The Italo-American friendship is solid,” Renzi said at the start of a speech in Rome.
UNITED KINGDOM 
UK Prime Minister Theresa May expressed readiness to work with Donald Trump “building ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations.”
Nigel Farage, UK Independence Party leader, who was a figurehead in Britain’s exit from the European Union, said Trump has fought a brave campaign.
“I hand over the mantle to @RealDonaldTrump! Many congratulations. You have fought a brave campaign,” Farage wrote on this Twitter. Earlier he said he would accept a job from Donald Trump if the latter became president.
HUNGARY 
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban responded to Trump’s victory with the words “what a great news. Democracy is still alive,” posted on his Facebook page.
AUSTRIA 
Austria will remain a “bridge builder” between the East and West and is ready to cooperate with any head of state chosen by the American people, Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz said.
“We are a ‘bridge builder’ and the country in which both the East and the West are well represented. We will continue with this course. We will accept any result of the election and will continue to strive for joint work with the United States,” Kurtz said on radio OE1, as cited by RIA Novosti news agency. He also compared the results of the US election with the Brexit vote.
Austria’s far-right Freedom Party (FPO) leader Heinz-Christian Strache said Trump’s victory in the election is the righteous punishment for the corrupt establishment.
“The political left as well as the aloof and sleazy establishment are being punished by voters and voted out of various decision-making positions,” Strache said on Facebook. His party is hopeful its own anti-immigrant and EU-critical candidate Norbert Hofer will become the European Union’s first far-right head of state on December 4.
PALESTINE 
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said in a statement that he “congratulates the elected American president, Donald Trump, and hopes that peace will be achieved during his term,” as cited by AP.
INDIA 
Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi also congratulated Trump, tweeting he is “looking forward to working with [Trump] closely to take India-US bilateral ties to a new height.”
AUSTRALIA 
Australia’s foreign minister, Julie Bishop, said her government is ready to work with “whomever the American people in their wisdom choose to be their president.” She noted that the US administration “will have a number of challenges, particularly in our region, and we want to work constructively with the new administration to ensure the continued presence and leadership of the United States in our region.”
SOUTH KOREA 
One of America’s top allies in the Pacific, South Korea, said that they would expect the US to go on with the policy of pressuring North Korea.