@ScottsHumor тут https://t.co/ZqMbC8Un5A в 1080р если надо.После вертушку окончательно до ломали pic.twitter.com/5NlyYeP70h 
A moment when the Mi-35 helicopter crew is walking towards the rescue helicopter @ScottsHumor Тут момент перехода экипажа из Ми-35 pic.twitter.com/78pRd2XlW5 
— Alex (@Molchan_OFF) November 4, 2016 

Media briefing of the Chief of the Main Operational Directorate of the General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces Lieutenant General Sergei Rudskoy 
Russia: Muscovites celebrate Unity Day in capital 

Monument to Vladimir the Great, Prince of Ancient Rus’ who Christianized the realm, was officially unveiled today in Moscow Monument to Vladimir the Great, Prince of Ancient Rus' who Christianized the realm, was officially unveiled today in #Moscow #UnityDay pic.twitter.com/UdIE1PdUvt 
— Russia in RSA 🇷🇺 (@EmbassyofRussia) November 4, 2016 
Ukraine 
Nov 2, 2016 – Belarusian officials demanded an apology from Ukrainian authorities for an incident that took place on October 21 in the skies above Ukraine when a Belavia flight en route to Minsk was ordered to return to Kiev, speaking at a press conference in the Belarusian capital on Wednesday. 
In Ukraine: DAI, Development Alternatives Incorporated is financed by the USAID , United States Agency for International Development, which was ousted recently as a cover for CIA 

‘Russia is not behind Clinton leaks’ – Assange interview with John Pilger Courtesy Darthmouth Films” 
‘Clinton & ISIS funded by same money’ – Assange interview w/John Pilger (Courtesy Darthmouth Films) 
‘Trump won’t be permitted to win ‘– Assange interview with John Pilger (Courtesy Darthmouth Films) 

On The News Line – US, Russia on road to final collision 

Nov 4, 2016 
These are some of the headlines we are tracking for you in this episode of On the News Line: 
1. US Russia on a collision course 
Tensions between the US and Russia: their relation has hit such a low, that it’s beyond a Cold War. US presidential hopeful Hilary Clinton has pledged to set up a no-fly zone in Syria. The Russian Ministry of Defense has warned that there may be no time for any hot-line discussions with the Americans about stealth aircraft or incoming missiles. No time for talks, meaning anything in the air will be shot down, bringing the two nuclear powered nations ever closer to a confrontation. 
2. Lebanon’s new face 
The power vacuum in Lebanon has ended with the election of the leader of the Christian Free Patriotic Movement party as president. Michel Aoun secured the votes of 83 out of 127 MPs at parliament, capping a political impasse which dragged on for over two years. Aoun is a strong ally of Lebanon’s resistance movement Hezbollah and his election is seen as a disappointment for Israel and Saudi Arabia, two enemies of what is known as the axis of resistance of which Hezbollah is a main pillar. Aoun was earlier endorsed by leader of the pro-Saudi political party March 14 Saad Hariri. 
3. Yemen heading for partition 
No end is in sight for the crisis in Yemen : The country’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi has said ‘no’ to a peace proposal put forward by Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, the UN special envoy for Yemen. The details of the plan have not been made public, but according to some sources, it gives Yemen’s Ansarullah movement and its allies a share in the country’s future government. The serious disagreement between forces loyal to Hadi and the Ansarullah movement has sparked fears over Yemen’s possible partition. Two parallel institutions in Sana’a and Aden are in the making which may end up partitioning of the country. 

Israel plans to build new settler units in east al-Quds 
Nov 2, 2016 – Israeli authorities say a municipal building-permit sub-committee has approved technical details of plans in the Gilo area. They say more detailed building permits will be required before the settler units are built. The project was first approved in 20-12 and Wednesday’s approvals have been seen as open defiance of international calls to stop settlement expansion on the occupied Palestinian territories. All Israeli settlements are illegal under international law. 
Israel destroys Bedouin village for 105th time 
Brave people fighting with occupation 
Nov 2, 2016 – A Palestinian Bedouin village has been demolished by Israeli forces, and it’s not the first time. 
For the 105th time, Araqib village in the Negev desert was destroyed by Israeli bulldozers backed by troops. According to Israeli police, a number of buildings were demolished. Palestinians say Israelis confiscated vehicles and possessions of residents of the village. The first demolition of Araqib took place in 20-10. There are approximately 160 thousand Bedouins residing in the occupied territories. Authorities have repeatedly refused to connect Bedouin villages to the national water and electricity grids. Rights groups claim that the Israeli policy to destroy Bedouin villages is aimed at removing the indigenous Palestinian population to make room for the expansion of Israeli communities. 

The Baltics watch 
Some background: the Baltic republics lost about 50% of their population and 90% of their industries built by the USSR after they got occupied by the West in the 1990s. Due to the Russia’s countersanctions they have lost about 85% of their trade with Russia and stand to lose the rest in the next two years. Mostly, what’s left it’s income from the use of the Baltic ports for oil and coal transfer. The Baltic republics run by pro-fascist governments and deliberately violate every human right of their ethnic Russian population. 
Dress warm, pack condoms, hide: Lithuania writes guerilla manual for Russian invasion 

Estonia: 500 Estonian troops trained by US forces in military drills 
Estonian and US troops took part in joint military drills near Valga, southern Estonia on November 2nd. 
The training was provided to 500 new soldiers who had been serving in the Estonian Army for just one month. Platoon commanders and officers used a variety of weapons from handguns to 120-mm mortars in simulations of up-close fighting scenarios. 
See also, Britain sends tanks, drones and troops to Estonia as part of military buildup on Russia’s borders 

How Hitler Became Hitler and Why It’s Important Today , by Igor SHUMEYKO 

The US deliberately provoked the USSR into cancelling the summit conference in May 1960 in Paris where the USSR offered a peace treaty for a united and neutral Germany, for Germany without NATO and the US occupation. 

How the US military industrial complex survived disarmament 
In 1959, the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev called at the United Nations for an end of the arms race and for an end of nuclear testing. The atmosphere was poisoned by radioactive particles. And he offered a peace treaty for a united and neutral Germany. These proposals should be discussed and concluded at a summit conference in May 1960 in Paris by the victorious Allies of War World II. The US government and the “military-industrial complex” were against this offer. An end of the Cold War would have shaken their supremacy. How did they manage to bring about the failure the summit? There is an official version, and a story that is told the first time in this documentary. 
According to official history, the Summit in Paris failed because of Krushchev´s anger. Related to the U-2-incident, that spy plane of the CIA. According to the official history, the Soviets alone are responsible for the division of Germany. The official history denies the existence of nuclear tests in Patagonia, invents an „heroic kidnapping“ of a Nazi War Criminal by Israeli agents and describes the earthquake in Chile as a natural event. 
A true “intelligence fabric” had been built around the Summit conference by the CIA and the Pentagon, consisting of several provocations: Shortly before the summit, a U-2 spy plane violated Russian airspace – at an altitude that made it impossible for the Soviet air defense not to detect it. While Eisenhower was staying at the disarmament summit, his generals arrived in Argentina with four aircraft carriers – full of nuclear explosives. They wanted to conduct nuclear tests, said the newspaper. These tests however were at that time prohibited by the US-Soviet moratorium and by the US Atomic Energy Law. During the summit, the CIA took Russian hostages. 
But the US nuclear tests in Argentina ended in catastrophe. Thousands of people died. They had to cover up everything. But in the archives of the US, Germany, Argentina and even the Catholic Cathedral are still documents that show what really happened. 
Brief history of the modern Russian Special Forces Spetsnaz Army FSB ФСБ Centre 2013 Documentary (English Subtitles) 
The FSB is mainly responsible for internal security of the Russian state, counterespionage, and the fight against organized crime, terrorism, and drug smuggling. Since 2003, when the Federal Border Guards Service was incorporated to the FSB, it has also been responsible for overseeing border security.[1] The FSB is engaged mostly in domestic affairs, while espionage duties are responsibility of the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service. However, the FSB also includes the FAPSI agency, which conducts electronic surveillance abroad. All law enforcement and intelligence agencies in Russia work under the guidance of FSB, if needed. 
The FSB combines functions and powers similar to those exercised by the United States FBI National Security Branch, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the Federal Protective Service, the National Security Agency (NSA), U.S. Customs and Border Protection, United States Coast Guard, and partly the Drug Enforcement Administration. The FSB employs about 66,200 uniformed staff, including about 4,000 special forces troops. It also employs about 160,000–200,000 border guards 
Thank you for your time, 
Baaz