Pomegranate Pistachio Pancakes 
A gluten-free pancake stack that can pass off as dessert? Yes please! 
These pomegranate pistachio pancakes contain no added sugar or grains – all you need is a banana and two eggs for a sweet and perfectly moist pancake. 
While you can top them with whatever you like, this pomegranate and pistachio version is great for fall. They add a pop of color, crunch, and flavor – perfect for Sunday brunch or whenever you’re in the mood for a stack. 
Pomegranate Pistachio Pancakes 
1/4 tsp. almond or vanilla extract (optional) 1/8 tsp. baking powder (optional, for fluffier pancakes) 2 large eggs 1 Tbsp. unrefined coconut oil (or other oil) ½ cup pomegranate arils 2 Tbsp. chopped pistachios 
Instructions: Peel the banana and break it into 4 parts in a bowl. Use a fork to mash it thoroughly into a pudding like consistency. Add the extract and baking powder if using. In another bowl, whisk the eggs together. Then, pour the eggs into the banana bowl, and mix well until thoroughly combined. It will be a very liquid-like consistency. Heat a skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add a few teaspoons of coconut oil. Use about 2 tablespoons of batter per pancake. Cook for about 1 minute. Sprinkle with a few pomegranate seeds before flipping and cooking an additional minute on the other side. Transfer the cooked pancakes to a plate, and stack them high. Top with additional pomegranate, pistachios, and maple syrup. 

Get the printable recipe here . 
Author: Maria Marlowe is an Integrative Nutrition Health Coach who helps people lose weight or clear up their acne by switching to a real food diet. She posts healthy recipes and meal plans at mariamarlowe.com . She has been featured in Vogue, The New York Times, NBC, Well + Good, and more. 
Download her free 3-Day Real Food Challenge Meal Plan , or follow her on Instagram @Maria_Marlowe and Facebook for more healthy recipes. GET FREE E-COURSE HERE Exclusive Newsletter, Video, Deals, Content And Video Updates GET INSTANT ACCESS