Posted on November 1, 2016 by Carl Herman 
“Let us therefore animate and encourage each other, and show the whole world that a Freeman, contending for liberty on his own ground, is superior to any slavish mercenary on earth.” ~ George Washington, General Orders, Headquarters, New York (2 July 1776) 
language warning: we speak in the direct language of rebels who would have hanged for treason against God and King in the days of our Founders. 
Setting: Boston’s Green Dragon Tavern dining room at the far corner booth, 5PM a few days before the 2016 so-called “election,” having beer flights and lobster rolls with George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams. They appear age 40-50; that is, mature yet vigorous. Their health maladies are corrected: 
George: wearing a grey business suit with the jacket off, white dress shirt with two unbuttoned front buttons, sleeves rolled up two times. His hair is business-short, just longer than military. His troubled teeth are now restored in perfect health. His 6’3” physique is powerfully muscular on a large-boned frame; an athletic man who works out. His demeanor exudes controlled confidence. He sits next to Tom, and on the outside of the booth. 
Tom: wearing jeans, a 1/4 zip forrest green sweater, and tennis shoes. Tom’s hair is on the longish side, fading red as is George’s. He’s almost as tall as George, but of medium frame and easy athleticism and elegance of a cat, with healthy appearance of a man who runs for fitness. Tom is attentive, not assertive, at times lounging in the corner of the booth. Tom and George’s accents are not Southern by today’s standards; with only a hint of how those dialects would develop. 
John: At 5’6” and unathletically portly, he wears dark navy dress slacks, a blue dress shirt with only one unbuttoned button, and sleeves buttoned. His hair is between the lengths of George and Tom, and balding. John is talkative, creatively intelligent, energetic, and at ease in a role of facilitator of our discussion. John’s accent is Bostonian. 
** 
A few minutes early, I walk toward the entrance spotting Jefferson examining a flower box next to the door. His elegant fingers gently lift the leaves to his gaze. I approach behind him, and hug his upper arms. 
Carl: (warm smile) Bro. 
Tom: (smooth and calm pivot to bro-hug) Carl. (looking back to the flowers) These annuals have about a month left until the first freeze kills them. Perhaps their seed will bloom into the brighter Spring we’re all working for. (half-smile, and placing a hand on my shoulder as we walk into the tavern) 
Washington sees us enter, and stands. Adams is preoccupied with a waiter to position three plates of lobster rolls and two orders each of beer flights. 
George: Gentlemen. 
John: (turning with a broad smile) Ah! Thomas! Carl! Thank you for coming, thank you! (bro hugs) 
Carl: Thank you ; all of you. Sir. (extending a hand to Washington, whose powerful hand engulfs it) 
John: Please, friends, enjoy! (raising the first glass in the beer flight) To liberty. (all: “To liberty”) 
So, please, everyone let’s enjoy some conversation and sustenance! Let us speak as patriots and friends! (we all take note with appreciation of Adams’ energy and intentionality as our facilitator) 
Tom: Carl, in combination with our previous conversation on July 4th , we thought it helpful to speak with interested readers before the so-called US “election” for a so-called “president” as the leader of so-called “public information” under limited government of a constitutional republic. 
Carl: Good call. Who’s up first? (raising my glass with my left hand to hide my right pointing to Adams sitting on my left) 
John: (face already reddening, jumping at the opening) “So-called election,” exactly! Don’t ever call that a fucking “election” when there’s nothing for the people to count! Those electronic voting machines are proven as election fraud tools of the elite! Carl, when you recount our conversation, put right fucking here the evidence! 
(the three of us observing, again, appreciate Adams’ straight-forward and to-the-point passion) 
Carl: Will do, bro. 
John: Fucking elite “our blood is superior” assholes! Fuck them and put them in fucking prison! 
Tom: (amused smile) Please, John. Don’t hold back. 
John: I’m sorry, but what else can one say who isn’t a .01% ass-kisser? Fooling the people every election with false promises is one thing, but then taking those elections away altogether is just fucked-up. 
George: Agreed. Prison is the only place for such criminals. 
Carl: Here, bros; this two minute video will help: 
Tom: (in careful study) These videos are truly more powerful than just the pen. 
John: Thank you, Carl. I know you’ll present the evidence effectively. God Bless us all, I just don’t know what else to do other than speak the truth! 
(the evidence John requested) : 
When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. 
George: Thank you, John. Thomas? 
Tom: Yes, General. Americans embrace the ideals of the Declaration of Independence as who they are (lightly taps the table with his fist). This Brother and Sisterhood bound in Love resonates with all Americans not ensnared by the elite. 
This bond of love and equality demands truthful public information. 
What Americans receive instead is “official” and corporate media lies of omission and commission to herd the people as work animals. 
It is the most vile and base disinformation that, Carl, your modern times most accurately assert as bullshit . Six corporations have been bought and owned for relentless lies to thinly veil a rogue state oligarchy. Without this constant “covering” of crimes centered in money and war, Americans would end these crimes. 
As we discussed , I wrote a pamphlet of the people’s rights contrasted with the tyrannical treatment we received from our own government. Tom Paine’s Common Sense was discussed in every tavern of America. There are so many powerful journalists pointing to the facts today in 2016; an Emperor’s New Clothes moment will come when people and God align for the bright light of truth to reveal all. 
John: (smiling) That’s why we had him write the Declaration of Independence. We thought Franklin could also do it, but he’d throw in too many jokes. 
George: (a half-laugh, but not prone to much more, then gravitas) I shall conclude. 
Without military support, Americans are lost. From strategic necessity, I will say nothing of those evolving events. I can say this: outside of divine intervention, ordinary Americans must build a demand to arrest .01% criminal leaders for treason , Wars of Aggression , Crimes Against Humanity , destruction of the Bill of Rights , looting led by central banking , political assassinations that include President Kennedy and Martin King , and official lying with complicit media . 
These crimes are the opposite of the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution. 
The US has devolved into a viciously rogue state . 
There exists no argument against those facts except from the treasonous who only have bullshit in place of reason . As God watches over us, that truth will be made clear. (controlled passion in voice and eyes, with clenched fist tapped and held on our table) 
When demand grows strong, patriots within military and government will act, and obviously within the law. They will honor their Oaths to defend humanity from a criminal elite who annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
John: (raising his last glass) Here, here! 
Carl: (addressing Washington) Sir, you’ll appreciate these two minutes from Martin King : 
George: Silence in the face of these tyrants’ crimes is betrayal to God and nation, yes. 
Tom: Perhaps we should remind readers how the oligarchs “pay” their minions, Carl. As I struggled to understand and express in my day , the fundamental economic crime is how our oligarchs create what is used as money: debt owed to them . 
Carl, among many in alternative media, you document $1,000,000 per US household in withheld benefits (and here ) of an honest monetary system, with the .01% parasite-class hoarding about $30 trillion in off-shore tax-havens . 
Americans, and humanity, are being used as propagandized work animals. 
John: They certainly fucking are! As you two (gesturing to Tom and me, spilling a little beer) help us understand, $30 trillion is thirty times what’s needed to end global poverty and save a million children’s lives every month! Americans must demand arrests of these demons who laugh as children die ! 
Tom: Yes. As you document , Carl, the total deaths from preventable poverty in just the last 20 years is more than from all wars and violence of any kind in all recorded human history . The .01% tyrant class, so-called “leaders” of so-called “former” colonial powers have promised the end of poverty with just 0.7% of GNI since 1969, but prefer ongoing looting. They use those subjects as work animals, hoping they’ll feel “lucky” to have a job for the empire rather than slow, painful death from poverty. 
Ending poverty decreases population growth rates in every historical case. The CIA reports that ending poverty is the best way to end terrorism. And the total investment over ten years for world peace and civilization is just about a trillion dollars: just 1/6th of what the US War Department reported “losing” in 2016 if we were to pay for it all rather than all developed nations. 
George: There are no US “Presidents,” only puppets to lie and cover the looting. 
Carl, please show your readers John Perkins ’ 2-minutes of context as an illustration of what US Presidents execute: 
John: The US is not just a rogue state , but a looting, lying, psychopathic, assassinating, child-killing, war-mongering, empire-driven, drug-dealing, minion-spawning, election-stealing, environment-and-food-poisoning, criminal pyramid! 
People should “vote” for Truth about that , not some asshole, murdering, Left or Right arm puppet of the most vicious .01% fucks in all fucking history!! 
What more do the Gods need to make clear that isn’t already clear? Fuck!! 
George: (dead-pan) I have nothing to amend John’s summary. 
Tom: (nodding to John) And he’s the milder cousin compared to Sam. 
Carl: (raising the last of my glasses) Well, gentlemen: to the breakthrough for a brighter future. 
(all raise their glasses to that!) 
Tom: And Carl, you’ll conclude your documentation of our meeting with the argument for .01% arrests for consideration of our American Brethren? 
Carl: Of course. The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than ‘voting’ for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
“Interview” series: