You Are Here: Home » Health News » Scientists Discover Exactly When a Woman’s Sex Drive Declines Scientists Discover Exactly When a Woman’s Sex Drive Declines Prev post Next post Sex is quite important to most middle-aged women, a fact established by a new study in the journal Menopause , which found that 75% of 1,390 middle-aged women reported sexual functioning to be moderately to extremely important. Women experience a notable decline in sexual function and sex drive approximately 20 months before and one year after their last menstrual period, and that decrease continues, though at a somewhat slower rate, over the following five years, according to a study led by a researcher at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center . Of note, in the natural menopause group the researchers found that race/ethnicity played a major role in the decline of sexual function, with African-American women experiencing a significantly smaller sex drive decline and women of Japanese descent experiencing a much greater decline when compared with white women. Key Sex Drive Study Findings 
The study, published ahead of print in the online issue of Menopause: The Journal of the North American Menopause Society , also found that various factors that frequently co-occur with menopause have less direct influence on declining sex drive and sexual function than menopause itself. 
“Sexual functioning in women declines with age, and there has been much debate about how much this is due to menopause, aging or other physical, psychological or social factors,” said the study’s lead author, Nancy Avis, Ph.D., professor of public health sciences at Wake Forest School of Medicine, part of Wake Forest Baptist. “Our findings support that menopause has a negative effect on sexual functioning in many women.” 
Additionally, the study found that women who have a hysterectomy before the onset of menopause do not experience a marked decline in sexual function and sex drive immediately before undergoing the procedure but do so afterward, for as long as five years. 
Common issues known to accompany menopause, such as vaginal dryness, depression, and anxiety, didn’t explain the impact on sex drive, the researchers say. 
“Sexual functioning is an important component of women’s lives. More than 75 percent of the middle-aged women in the SWAN study reported that sex was moderately to extremely important to them when the study began,” Avis said. “It is important for women and their health care providers to understand all the factors that may impact women’s experience of sex in relation to both the natural menopausal transition and hysterectomy, and we hope our findings will contribute to better understanding in this area.” A 31 Year Old Was Sick Of Expensive Rent And High Costs. What He Did Took Guts… But Look Inside. 
Most grown children have heard this question from their parents at some point in their lives: “If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?” It’s a question that pushes us to think for ourselves. That question doesn’t inspire me, but this man in California does. Alek Lisefski is a web designer […] How Roundup Ready GMO Corn Is Made 
Have you ever wondered how GMO corn is made? Roundup Ready Corn is genetically engineered corn that has had its DNA modified to withstand the herbicide glyphosate (the active ingredient in Monsanto’s herbicide Roundup). It is also known as “glyphosate tolerant corn.” Roundup Ready corn was first deregulated in the U.S. in 1997 and first […] Dead Bee’s – Monsanto Genetically Engineered Seeds Killing Off Honeybees 
Back in the news.. It’s alarming…More honey bee’s are dying people… It’s Mosanto and the evil GMO crops to blame… Recent studies on epidemic death rates among honeybees are beginning to point fingers at genetically modified seeds produced by Monsanto. In 2012, an epidemic swept through commercial bee colonies killing up to 50% of the […] Where to buy NON-GMO certified foods 
Purchasing organic and certified organic products means your buying foods that cannot intentionally include any GMO ingredients. Buying organic is key and another great way is to look for retailers supporting the “Non-GMO Project” verified seals. Shopping at retailers supporting this project will help you avoid GMO ingredients. Organic food regulations prohibit certain (potentially deadly) and […] Psychic Attacks and Protecting Yourself 
by Mary Kurus – MKProjects.com Psychic attacks are defined as the manipulation of supernatural energies and forces. Psychic attacks occur when dark and negative energetic vibrations are sent from one individual to another individual or place creating disturbances in the energetic and physical bodies of the person or place. This negative energy can be called […] How To Cure A Sore Throat 
by Editor – Everyday Roots A sore throat can be a royal pain in the uh…throat. Like blinking, we never notice how much we swallow until we start paying attention to it, and when it hurts like nobody’s business, it’s kind of difficult not to pay attention. But before you go getting down about how long […] The Lead Vaccine Developer Comes Clean So She Can “Sleep At Night” 
Vaccine Developer Dr Diane Harper Comes Clean So She Can “Sleep At Night” Dr. Diane Harper was the lead researcher in the development of the human papilloma virus vaccines, Gardasil and Cervarix. She is the latest to come forward and question the safety and effectiveness of these vaccines. She made the surprising announcement at the 4th […] USDA Approves Toxic Meat Preservatives 
Three food preservatives that have previously been prohibited for use in meat and poultry we’re just approved to be used again effective May 6, 2013. The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (USDA’s FSIS) says it has determined that sodium benzoate, sodium propionate and benzoic acid are “safe and suitable for use […] 5 Reasons Why You Should Not Eat Bread 
by William Kennedy – gnet.org Bread is wrongly placed at the bottom of our food pyramid which gets passed around all our schools despite many respected health professionals claiming bread and other sources of grains are unnecessary and potentially harmful. Here are some alarming facts about bread. 1. Whole Grain Bread Can Spike Blood Sugar Levels […] Organic Food Industry Growing at Record Pace 
The organic food industry is experiencing record growth as 2015 was the largest annual dollar gain ever for the organic industry! 2015 was a year of significant growth for the organic food industry despite the continued struggle to meet the seemingly unquenchable consumer demand for organic. Consumers are not just eating organic, they are incorporating more […] Can Dogs Really Smell Cancer? 
Yes, dogs can smell cancer. They can even smell it “in situ”, or at stage zero. Let’s take a closer look at why dogs are even interested in smelling cancer in the first place. Why would a dog be interested in smelling cancer? There has to be something in it for them. Dogs have lived […] Toxic Fluoride Causes Disease 
Ethan Huff – Natural News A recent study conducted by researchers from the State University of New York (SUNY) found that fluoride ingestion may be responsible for causing premature births. Presented to the American Public Health Association at its annual meeting, these findings ratchet up yet another detrimental consequence of ingesting this toxic poison that […] Choosing to be compassionate 
Choosing to be compassionate is one of the most incredible things you can do… by Ben Kim – DrBenKim.com For most of the year 2000, I worked and lived at a fasting clinic in northern California where I spent time with many groups of eclectic guests from all over the world. I often tell my wife […] Fasting for three days can regenerate entire immune system, study finds 
by Sarah Knapton – The Telegraph Fasting for as little as three days can regenerate the entire immune system, even in the elderly, scientists have found in a breakthrough described as “remarkable”. Although fasting diets have been criticised by nutritionists for being unhealthy, new research suggests starving the body kick-starts stem cells into producing new white blood […] Join For Free! Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name