George Orwell 0 Comment 
Yesterday’s bombshell from the FBI on Hillary’s campaign seems like is much worse than previously expected. 
James Comey said that the FBI discovered “new emails” pertinent to the previous investigation on “several devices.” The agency has found a staggering number of emails, and they were found on Huma Abedin’s estranged husband’s laptop. 
VIA America’s Freedom Fighters 

That’s not even the worst part. It was previously discovered that Abedin had been archiving her email account from her work at the State Department on her personal email account, although the reason why is unclear. 
More from Zero Hedge: 

We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday, when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at humaabedin@yahoo.com, courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton’s private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 

One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton’s private email server at HDR22@clintonemail.com. Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving “timetables and deliverables” for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 

However, while forwarding Hillary’s emails to her personal email server for “convenience” is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner’s computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with “PAGE DENIED” stamped across the first redacted page. 

At this point it’s impossible to know why Abedin did what she did; however, the fact that FBI reopened this case this close to the election let’s us know there’s something seriously, seriously wrong with this entire ordeal. 
This is more proof that she is CROOKED, and should be tried for treason!