NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Twitter Allows Sick And Disgusting Liberal Tweets Of ‘Assassinate Trump’ And ‘Rape Melania’ “So who’s going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?” one Twitter user demanded to know. Outside the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a protester held up a sign saying 'RAPE MELANIA,' which went viral. by Geoffrey Grider November 14, 2016 Social media giant Twitter allowed the violent threat “Rape Melania” against incoming First Lady Melania Trump to trend after the site exploded with assassination threats against President-elect Donald Trump. 
“Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.” Jude 1:8,10 (KJV) 
EDITOR’S NOTE: When they were postive that Hillary would win, they practically tripped over themselves spouting “peace, love and tolerance”. They shouted “ when they go low, we go high ” from the mountain tops 24 hours per day. Now that they’ve lost the election, their rallying cry has shifted to calls for rape and assassination of the First Lady and President-Elect Trumps. Kinda curious how Michelle and Barack Obama have been silent on condemning the protesters. 
Outside the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a protester held up a sign saying ‘RAPE MELANIA,’ which went viral. DC Protestor “Rape Melania” pic.twitter.com/US2OLTyBDF 
The trend later disappeared Sunday afternoon after many tweeted their outrage. “Rape Melania” is trending. Liberals are really outdoing their own disgusting behavior. #SundayMorning #Trump pic.twitter.com/PA1q6QV4sa 
— WE DID IT (@BobbyDellBSC) November 13, 2016 
After Trump won the presidential election on Tuesday, threats against his life spread on social media, as the Daily Mail reported : 
“So who’s going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?” one Twitter user demanded to know. 
“I just pray that the first n***a who tries to assassinate Donald Trump don’t miss,” another added. 
One joked: “My mom is talking about assassinate donald trump. watch out guy my white suburban mother is coming for you.” 
While some also called for the death of vice president-elect Mike Pence. 
“If trump wins pls dont assassinate him without getting mike pence first because his a** is ****ing crazy,” one user tweeted… 
A source close to the Secret Service, told the DailyMail.com that the agency were well aware of the threats and that they had seen a spike since Trump was elected on Tuesday. 
They said there were ‘mechanisms in place’ to monitor social media for such posts, and to determine which threats were more concerning than others but said that “every threat was taken seriously.” 
Twitter routinely removed pro-Trump trending topics and manipulated hashtags that hurt failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election. Furious users accused the site of censoring the explosive DNC Wikileaks story in July after #DNCLeaks, with over a quarter million tweets, vanished from the Trending section, replaced by the far less popular #DNCLeak. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING