Elly Warren, from Melbourne, was travelling Africa before she tragically died on Wednesday.
A 20-year-old woman who was travelling in Africa was last seen dropping off her bag at a beachside hostel before being found dead in a toilet cubicle.
Elly Warren, from Melbourne, was expected to return to Australia on Monday before heading to New Zealand with her boyfriend for a holiday.
Days before she set off for Africa, the 20-year-old told her father: ‘It’s dangerous Dad, I don’t know if I should be going over there.’
And things took a turn for the worst after she was raped and attacked when she reportedly walked home alone from a party in Mozambique on Wednesday.
The young traveller had booked two nights at the beachfront Wuyani Pariango backpackers in the picturesque Tofo Bay but she failed to return to her room.
Speaking to Daily Mail Australia, the hostel manager, who wished to remain anonymous, said staff members had seen the woman before she went missing.
‘She came in alone to drop off her bag and then left to meet a friend,’ the hostel manager revealed.
‘She had pre-booked her accommodation but never stayed here.’
The 20-year-old had been holidaying and doing a volunteer stint in Mozambique.
The young woman had booked two nights at the Wuyani Pariango backpackers in Tofo Bay.
Daily Mail Australia understands Ms Warren’s body is currently being transported from Tofo Beach to the country’s capital Maputo, some 500 kilometres away where a post-mortem will be performed.
Paul Warren, the distraught father of the avid traveller, is currently travelling to Mozambique in an effort to bring his daughter’s body home.
On Thursday he revealed his heartbreak over his daughter’s terrible death.
A tearful Mr Warren told 7News: ‘She even told me, “It’s dangerous dad, I don’t know if I should be going over there”.
‘And I said to her: “Yes it is, very dangerous”.’
On Thursday evening, hours after paying a moving Facebook tribute to his daughter, Mr Warren also revealed on social media an autopsy would be conducted to determine her cause of death.
‘I would just like everyone to pray for our Elly right now,’ he wrote on Facebook.
‘She is at peace with Sam, our dog, who she grew up with and loved dearly. Thank you all for your thoughts and well wishes Elly touched us all in some special way.
‘The funeral is going to take some time as Elly was in a remote fishing village called Pemba.
‘There is going to be an investigation and autopsy, which I have been informed can take up to two weeks.
‘I will be going over there in a few day to bring my baby back home. God bless you Elly Rose Warren.’
The hostel manager said staff saw Ms Warren drop her bag off before heading out to see a friend but she failed to return to her room (pictured is one of the rooms at the hostel)
The young traveller had booked two nights at the Wuyani Pariango backpackers in Tofo Bay.
Staff members at the hostel claimed they saw Ms Warren drop her bag off before heading back out to meet a friend.
Her family, who found out about the young traveller’s death in a heartbreaking late-night phone call from another backpacker, believe she became separated from her group before her body was later found in a toilet cubicle, The Age reported.
The revelation comes after her sister Kristy Warren took to Facebook to warn backpackers to be ‘careful who they go [travelling] with’.
‘My sister was in Africa whilst my mum got a phone call from one of the backpackers saying to her that her daughter has been murdered,’ Ms Warren posted to Facebook.
‘As I heard that my heart dropped. It is a parent’s nightmare to get a phone call like this.’
Describing her sister as ‘maybe too ambitious’, she urged travellers to be vigilant when overseas.
‘I want to say if you are thinking of going travelling or going overseas please be careful who you go with,’ she wrote.
Ms Warren had been in the country since late September as part of Underwater Africa, a conservation program that ‘helps protect the oceans’.
The volunteer tour’s booking manager Graeme Warrack told Daily Mail Australia the young traveller had left their group the day before she was killed.
A room at the backpackers Ms Warren was last seen before her death.
Ms Warren (pictured) has been killed while on a volunteer holiday to Mozambique, Africa.
The 20-year-old from Mordialloc, in Melbourne’s south-east suburbs, was also reportedly sexually assaulted before her death.
‘Elly arrived with us on the 27th of September and left our program on the November 8,’ he said.
‘We dropped her at her new accommodation at 5pm, to hear the news the next day has left us as broken as anyone can be, she was our friend and colleague.
‘We’re trying to find out where exactly she went once she left us, that’s something we can’t answer.’
Mr Warrack described Ms Warren as ‘the life of the party’ and said her death had taken a large toll on her fellow volunteers and scientists.
‘Elly was an incredible volunteer who was doubtlessly the life and soul of any activity,’ he said.
Ms Warren’s mother, Nicole Cafarella told The Age her daughter was ‘just one of those girls that wanted to travel the world and see everything she could before she was 30’.
Just days earlier Ms Warren had posted a video to Facebook of herself swimming with whale sharks off the Mozambique coast.
Her father Paul also shared a tribute on social media and even passed on his condolences to her boyfriend (right) in the midst of his own grief.
Tributes flowed online from Ms Warren’s friends and family following news of her death.
Ms Warren’s sister Kristy took to Facebook to share a tribute to her sister and to tell how her mother had received a call from a fellow backpacker telling her of the terrible news.
Dozens of online tributes flowed from Ms Warren’s friends from Wednesday evening when news broke of her death.
‘Taken way too soon, a gorgeous girl who had an amazing life ahead,’ one girl wrote on Facebook.
‘I feel like this is all just a f***ed up dream… It can’t be true. Rip Elly Warren I’ll never forget your huge infectious smile and crazy stories. I love you,’ another posted.
In a statement to Daily Mail Australia, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said they were ‘providing consular assistance to the family of a woman who died in Mozambique.’
Source