Vince Foster is a name most of us probably haven’t heard in a long time. Foster was Bill Clinton’s Deputy White House Attorney, a man with intimate knowledge of the Clintons and their internal dealings while Clinton was in power during the 90’s.
The official story is that Foster killed himself with a single gunshot in the mouth in a Virginia park. The unofficial story is that a second bullet wound existed in Foster’s neck , a wound that would have been impossible in a suicide scenario.
In any event, the man often referred to as “the man who knew too much” met his end in a very tragic way. And according to a conversation between two Stratfor intel officers, the Clinton’s were involved in Foster’s death.
This via WikiLeaks .

Stratfor is a high end publisher of intelligence reports for a wide range of customers. From their about page :
As the world’s leading geopolitical intelligence platform, Stratfor brings valuable context to global events, empowering businesses, governments and individuals to more confidently navigate their way through an increasingly complex international environment. By leveraging a deep understanding of history, politics and geography in conjunction with our unique methodology, Stratfor delivers informed perspectives on today’s events and develops a more accurate view of the future.
Founded 20-years ago on the idea that transformative world events are not random, but indeed predictable, Stratfor has grown into one of the most respected providers of predictive, strategic intelligence. Analysts distill massive amounts of open-source information and examine it through the lens of geopolitics to develop comprehensive, independent, unbiased and nonpartisan analysis that cuts through the noise to offer actionable insights.
Globally engaged individuals, Fortune 500 companies, universities and organizations across an array of industries turn to Stratfor for objective geopolitical intelligence, analysis and forecasting that reveals the underlying significance and future implications of emerging world events.
Of course, the leaked email provides no evidence or data to back up the claim. But it does make clear that certain members of the intelligence community believe, without a doubt, the Clinton’s were involved in Foster’s death.