posted by Eddie I’ve learned … That the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person. I’ve learned … That when you’re in love, it shows. I’ve learned … That just one person saying to me, “You’ve made my day!” makes my day. I’ve learned … That having a child fall asleep in your arms is one of the most peaceful feelings in the world. I’ve learned … That being kind is more important than being right. I’ve learned … That you should never say no to a gift from a child. I’ve learned … That I can always pray for someone when I don’t have the strength to help him in some other way. I’ve learned … That no matter how serious your life requires you to be, everyone needs a friend to act goofy with. I’ve learned … That sometimes all a person needs is a hand to hold and a heart to understand. I’ve learned … That simple walks with my father around the block on summer nights when I was a child did wonders for me as an adult. I’ve learned … That life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer it gets to the end, the faster it goes. I’ve learned … That we should be glad God doesn’t give us everything we ask for. I’ve learned … That money doesn’t buy class. I’ve learned … That it’s those small daily happenings that make life so spectacular. I’ve learned … That under everyone’s hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated and loved. I’ve learned … That the Lord didn’t do it all in one day. What makes me think I can? I’ve learned … That to ignore the facts does not change the facts. I’ve learned … That when you plan to get even with someone, you are only letting that person continue to hurt you. I’ve learned … That love, not time, heals all wounds. I’ve learned … That the easiest way for me to grow as a person is to surround myself with people smarter than I am. I’ve learned … That everyone you meet deserves to be greeted with a smile. I’ve learned … That there’s nothing sweeter than sleeping with your babies and feeling their breath on your cheeks. I’ve learned … That no one is perfect until you fall in love with them. I’ve learned … That life is tough, but I’m tougher. I’ve learned … That opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss. I’ve learned … That when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere. I’ve learned … That I wish I could have told my dad that I love him one more time before he passed away. I’ve learned … That one should keep his words both soft and tender, because tomorrow he may have to eat them. I’ve learned … That a smile is an inexpensive way to improve your looks. I’ve learned … That I can’t choose how I feel, but I can choose what I do about it. I’ve learned … That when your newly born grandchild holds your little finger in his little fist, that you’re hooked for life. I’ve learned … That everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you’re climbing it. I’ve learned … That it is best to give advice in only two circumstances: when it is requested and when it is a life-threatening situation. I’ve learned … That the less time I have to work with, the more things I get done. Source: