In what is being hailed as a ‘ truly astonishing ‘ verdict, a jury has found 7 Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupiers ‘not guilty’ of federal conspiracy charges stemming from a weeks long standoff with the Bureau of Land Management in Burns, Oregon earlier this year.
Thursday, the Oregon jury ruled in favor of the defense who argued that the six week standoff led by the infamous Bundy brother’s was a constitutionally protected act of protest against the treatment of two imprisoned Oregon ranchers.
For those unfamiliar with the case, here is a brief recap:
January 2016 – Militia members from across the country began a six week long armed protest at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in protest over the arrests of ranchers Dwight and Steven Hammond who were accused of arson after lighting a controlled burn on their private property.
The federal government alleged that the controlled burn which was started on the Hammond’s property grow out of control and subsequently damaged federal lands outside of the ranch’s property line.
Following the government’s decision to prosecute the Hammond’s for arson, a protest in the town of Burns took place which ultimately lead to the seizure of the refuge by militia members.
Via OregonLive 
A jury Thursday delivered a stunning across-the-board acquittal to the leaders and participants in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation and a remarkable blow to the federal government as it tries to tamp down a national movement led by a Nevada family to open public lands to ranchers, miners and loggers.
The verdicts finding Ammon Bundy, older brother Ryan Bundy and five others not guilty of a federal conspiracy drew elation from defense attorneys who spent five weeks arguing that the armed takeover amounted to a time-honored tradition of First Amendment protest and civil disobedience.
“Maybe this is a lesson that that’s not the way to engage with these people, who want nothing more than just to be heard, just to have a forum to talk about the injustices like the case of the Hammonds and the treatment of ranchers,” said Lisa Ludwig, standby counsel for Ryan Bundy.
The high-profile case riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the isolated bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon. The jury’s decision proved no less dramatic and sets up a showdown in the next stage of the land-rights movement.
The Bundy brothers still face prosecution in Nevada with their father, Cliven Bundy, all accused in the 2014 standoff at the patriarch’s ranch over unpaid grazing fees that pitted the family and their supporters against federal Bureau of Land Management agents.