There is more you can do with fallen leaves than just rake them up or jump in them. Leaves have multiple beneficial purposes in the yard and garden. Don’t miss out on this sustainable garden treat! 

Compost 

Leaves are the perfect carbon ingredient for your compost pile. Layer dead leaves in between all the green garden debris you find as you gather as you clean up the garden and prep it for winter. If you shred the leaves first, they will decompose even faster. You don’t even need a compost pile or bin! There are many town and city waste disposal sites that will gladly compost your leaves for you and put the final product out for residents. 

Leaf Mold 

If you have a lot of dead leaves, leaf mold is a great option. It does miraculous things to your garden! It is a crumbly, compost-like product that remains when leaves are left to decompose on their own. 

Leaf mold improves soil structure, which greatly improves the soil’s water holding capability. It also attracts beneficial organisms who are important in maintaining healthy soil. 

All you have to do is rake up your leaves into a pile and let them rot. So easy! The more compact the pile, the faster your leaves will decompose. You can also contain your leaves in a bin or any other composting contraption. 

Mulch 

Leaves make an excellent attractive mulch, suppressing weeds and eventually decomposing and feeding the soil. When using leaves for mulch, it is a good idea to shred them first. Placing a thick layer of wet leaves over you garden soil will block water and air from getting through the soil which isn’t what you want. Yet when shredded, the leaves will form an airy cushion that slowly settles in and settles down. This makes perfect mulch! 

If you live in an area that gets windy in the fall, hose your leaves down when you first shred them. This will help them stay in place. 

Amend Your Soil 

Add your leaves directly into your soil. Soil is constantly in flux and you can never have enough soil amendments. Leaves make a great alternative to buying bags of manure. It’s a lot cheaper too! 

Shred the leaves first and either turn them into the top few inches of soil or simply spread a layer of leaves on top of the soil and chop them a bit with a fork or spade. Be sure they are making good contact with the soil and watch nature work its wonders! 

The leaves will disintegrate and create a great habitat for earthworms and other beneficial organisms that reside in your garden soil. 

Insulation 

Leaves can be used to insulate tender plants and even cold storage vegetables. Circle your plants or planted containers with wire fencing and stuff leaves around your plant. In the spring, rake them up and toss them in the compost. Double use! 

If you have a root cellar or storage basement, use dry leaves to layer your vegetables in, instead of saw dust or newspaper. This will help your veggies easily last through the winter.