by Matt Agorist
“It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.” – Joseph Stalin (allegedly)
One thing in US history is consistent throughout every single election cycle — allegations of voter fraud. These allegations, however, are not the ramblings of a kook with tinfoil wrapped around his head, they are substantiated and reach as high as the Supreme Court. Don’t believe it? Ask Al Gore and George W. Bush .
If you think that the ruling class would leave it up to the voters to decide who gets elected, you should think again. Every single candidate who actually challenges the status quo becomes a target.
This year is one of the worst years ever for voter fraud, as it’s been captured on video — multiple times.
Last Month, Hillary Clinton declared herself the winner of the Democratic Party in the much-anticipated Iowa caucuses. Immediately after the ‘victory,’ Clinton went on CNN to bask in her counterfeit fame.
“I am so thrilled,” Clinton told Wolf Blitzer in an interview Tuesday afternoon. “My luck was not that good last time around, and it was wonderful to win the caucus, to have that experience.”
However, fraud was so rampant that a C-SPAN video caught it. Clinton’s ‘victory’ would have nothing to do with ‘luck,’ and her premature declaration of the “razor thin” tie, was no mistake.
When campaign minions aren’t fudging the physical vote count, computers, tasked with tallying the vote, are susceptible to hacking.
In 2006, the documentary Hacking Democracy , exposed Diebold and their role in rigging elections with their electronic voting machines.
Clinton Eugene “Clint” Curtis is an American attorney, computer programmer and ex-employee of NASA and ExxonMobil, who also exposed election hacking.
He is notable chiefly for making a series of whistleblower allegations about his former employer and about Republican Congressman Tom Feeney, including an allegation that in 2000, Feeney and Yang Enterprises requested Curtis’s assistance in a scheme to steal votes by inserting fraudulent code into touch screen voting systems.
Curtis is seen in the video below testifying under oath in front of the U.S. House Judiciary Members in Ohio.
He tells the members how he was hired by Congressman Tom Feeney in 2000 to build a prototype software package that would secretly rig an election to sway the result 51/49 to a specified side.
After watching the video, you’ll know why true change is hard to come by.

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable.