Rihanna In Child Porn Photos? 
By Comment 
Rihanna is no stranger to controversy, but this time, she is being accused of releasing a so-called child porn photo. The controversial picture, which was posted by the 28-year-old singer on Instagram, shows her and niece Majesty in the bathroom in a very intimate moment – and fully naked. 
Although the photo of the “Umbrella” singer and Majesty was apparently done in good taste, netizens couldn’t help criticizing the Barbadian born artist for sharing such an intimate picture. Many of them perhaps believed that such private matters should not make their way to the public sphere. 
In fact, social media is buzzing with comments which blast Rihanna for spreading what some describe as child porn photos. One troll commented on Instagram, “So inappropriate, what’s wrong with society,” while another dissenter wrote, “This is bad, OMG – I need to report this.” 
“Isn’t this child porn?” asked one vocal critic. Another said: “Omg hell to the no, too many weirdos on here – take it down @badgalriri,” according to Yahoo! News . 
ALSO READ: Brad Pitt, Rihanna Dating Rumors: RiRi Obsessed With Actor, Wants Romantic Nights With Him? 
In the meantime, there are also other industry insiders who, instead of calling out the “Diamonds” singer for her supposed snafu, have praised her for her openness. Perez Hilton has even described the pop icon as the “coolest baby sitter ever.” 
Instead of hitting the singing superstar, the popular celebrity blogger pointed out that Rihanna was far from releasing child porn photos, but was just showing her unconditional love for her niece with the “bath snap.” 
Hilton himself has also been involved in a similar controversy after he posted a photo of himself on social media taking a bath with his son. Many of his followers unfollowed him after he released the said picture, reported Yahoo! News . 
Many of Hilton’s fans came to his rescue, as they noted that nudity between parents and children are perfectly normal. It would be nice to hear Rihanna’s followers showing their support to their idol, and help reverse the rumor that she has proliferating child porn photos. 
Want to receive more news updates on Rihanna ? Subscribe to our daily newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook . morningnewsusa.com/ArticlePage