Minority Report-Style Mark Of The Beast ‘CLEAR’ Human Tracking System Gets Installed At Detroit Airport CLEAR will speed Houston travelers through airport security in minutes at both Bush and William P. Hobby. CLEAR's innovative biometric technology is transforming travel for individuals and corporations while enhancing homeland security and modernizing the checkpoint experience.   27, 2016 Metro Detroit Airport now has a new way to allow people to move seamlessly through airport security . 
“And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.” Revelation 13:16,17 (KJV) 
EDITOR’S NOTE: If you are waiting for the Mark of the Beast , you should know that the system that will surround and support the MOTB is already here and you are already a part of it. Every time you access any feature on any smart device, you are creating a record of you activity that is then recorded and stored in places like the Utah Data Center . Aren’t you glad that the Pretribulation Rapture removes us believers before the Beast makes his appearance? I sure am. The future has already arrived people, pay attention. 
It’s called CLEAR and it’s now in operation at the airport’s McNamara Terminal . Certified as a “qualified anti-terrorism technology” by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, CLEAR has been used more than five million times to move travelers quickly through airport security lines at 16 other airports. CLEAR Transforms Houston Travel Experience and Homeland Security: 
“They validate their identity using a knowledge-based quiz, they use a government identification that’s validated using technology, and then we link it to their bio-metrics — we take 10 fingerprints with a digital reader, we take a scan of their iris, and we take a high-res photo of their face,” said CLEAR spokesperson David Cohen. Minority Report was like a prophecy of what the future would hold for us in the 21st century, and it’s all come true: 
Cohen said the initial sign-up process takes about five minutes and after that, getting through security lines should be a breeze. He said there are special lines for CLEAR customers that can be a great time-saver for travelers, who will still have to pass through X-Rays and body scans. 
“Our customers go through the TSA security process in minutes. They come to a CLEAR lane, that lane is going to be open and available for them to validate their identity on the spot, a process in itself that takes less than a second,” he said. 
Membership to use CLEAR costs $179 per year. New members who enroll at the airport receive a one-month free trial and can use CLEAR immediately. 
Airport officials they plan to install the CLEAR system at the North Terminal in the future. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE