The Neo-Liberal Globalist Wish List 
Hunter Wallace Occidental Dissent October 29, 2016 
I read all the #TruCon pundits. I even read the people like Damon Linker who write about the groupthink of #TruCon pundits : 
“Some important segments of the party are quite happy with the way things were before Trump burst on the scene — with the GOP’s post-Reagan optimism, idealism, and conservative moralism; with the presumption that the country benefits when using military force to impose order around the globe; with the often unstated assumption that all Americans of every economic and cultural echelon automatically thrive when the nation’s entrepreneurial class is given everything on its wish list (massive tax cuts along with open borders and markets). Plenty of people are perfectly content with this governing vision, including most conservative pundits, much of the party’s donor class, many senior officials and officeholders, most Mormons (including McMullin and his most passionate Utah supporters), many conservative Catholics, and some evangelical Protestants.” 
I liked that image. I hope he doesn’t mind me borrowing it. 
Anyway, Damon Linker makes a good point here that gets to the heart of the issue: the “governing wing” of the Republican Party is used to getting its way, and #NeverTrumpism is their revenge on their “base” (i.e., your votes belong to them) for defying its wishes and rejecting Bush, Rubio and Kasich in the primaries. 
Mario Loyola has a plan for reconciliation between #NeverTrump and Trump supporters: 
“Still, the best outcome of this election, from the point of view of a traditional conservative Republican, is for Trump and the GOP to have a landslide victory and then for Trump to resign immediately in favor of Vice President Mike Pence, who is both eminently qualified to be president and a real conservative. … 
Pledge to impeach. Should God elect to ignore my prayer, and should President Trump prove to be as bad a president as his detractors fear, then it is my duty and the duty of my fellow Republican members of Congress to impeach him. And I will apply that same rule to any president of my own party who fails to uphold the honor of the presidency. GOP members face a painful dilemma in Trump, but there’s another side to that coin. GOP members of Congress have a unique power that nobody else in the land possesses — namely, the ability to pull the curtain down on a Trump presidency by impeaching him.” 
The plan is to elect Trump. He will be given the chance to sign off on our neo-liberal globalist agenda … or else, Paul Ryan and the #TruCons in the House will impeach him for “high crimes” against the establishment. Isn’t it strange that Trump supporters don’t seem to care much about the #NeverTrump downballot? 
He continues: 
“To do that, conservatives will need Trump supporters. Indeed, they will need to prevail not just among Trump supporters, but among Democrats as well. The international consensus for low regulation, low taxation, and free trade, enshrined in the Bonn Declaration of 1985, later elaborated as the “Washington Consensus,” must be restored to its former state of acceptance among both parties. 
The neo-liberal globalist consensus (Team America World Police, globalization, open borders, low-taxes, Wall Street deregulation) among both parties (read: the uniparty) has to be restored to “its former state of acceptance.” 
Kevin Williamson, who you might recall is famous for his declaration that White working class communities suffering from an opioid epidemic ought to die, is mounting a defense of the #TruCons in the GOP Congress : 
“The Republican party — stupid and corrupt as it often is — has in fact provided a number of dramatic victories for conservatives in recent years: the spread of right-to-work laws and school-choice programs, lower tax rates, trade liberalization, affirmations of the First and Second Amendments, restrictions on abortion, including a national ban on partial-birth abortion, etc. (See Charles C. W. Cooke, “What Has Conservatism Ever Done for Us?”) Consider the state-level work that has been done in Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Texas, and Oklahoma. These are not trivial victories — these are the small things that in the end add up to big things. … 
The Republican majority in Congress is like a hard and unpleasant job with long hours, but one that pays reasonably well: If you don’t like it, try doing without it for a while and see how that works out for you.” 
You will be sorry when we are gone! 
We’ve conserved a low top marginal income tax rate and globalization. We’ve busted the unions, cut onerous regulations for hedge fund managers, kept the borders open to Third World immigration for half a century, and spread right-to-work laws. We’ve given strong rhetorical support to ending abortion and let the assault weapons ban expire when George W. Bush was president. Why aren’t you rednecks satisfied? 
There was so much more for you we could have done with Rubio as president. We could have had Dow 38,000! We could have had World War III over the Donbass!