Ezekiel Emanuel laughed on Wednesday as the hosts of MSNBC’s Morning Joe joked about his brainchild, Obamacare, which on Tuesday Emanuel noted was going to cause severe fiscal pain for at least a million Americans.
On Wednesday’s show, Mika Brzezinski noted that Emanuel, a former adviser to President Barack Obama is “often called one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act.”
“How’s that working for you right now, Zeke?” chimed in host Joe Scarborough.
 
Related Stories Bill Clinton Leads Crowd In Litany Of Obamacare’s Failures Scarborough: Everything Republicans Predicted About Obamacare Is Coming True New Data Shows Double-Digit Rate Hikes For Obamacare Emanuel grinned while on remote from Philadelphia.
“Be honest, though,” Scarborough continued. “Zeke only worked on the part of the Affordable Care Act that’s causing increases 25 percent on average.”
Emanuel was once again all smiles.
 
A day before, there were not many smiles when Emanual appeared on CNN and told Jake Tapper the extent of Obamacare’s fiscal effects.
“There’s a million people for whom this is going to be severe or uncomfortable,” he said.
Earlier this week, the Obama administration announced that the average premium costs will rise 25 percent next year. However, some states were far higher. A popular “ silver” healthcare plan is scheduled to increase 116 percent in Arizona; 40 percent in North Carolina; and 53 percent in Pennsylvania.
Emanuel said the problem of rising premiums some Americans will have trouble affording is just part of the way Obamacare evolved.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio “Everyone who worked on the bill thought that it was not perfect, and six years in, some of the problems, some of the unintended consequences are manifesting themselves. That doesn’t mean it’s fatal,” he said.
“These price increases that we’re seeing this year are a one-time increase relative to the fact that insurance companies didn’t know who was going to come in, under-priced their premiums in the first few years, and are readjusting them based on who’s in the marketplace,” said Emanuel, suggesting that tweaking the system will fix the problem.
” … it’s what any company would do if they launch a product, some problems arise, and you try to fix them,” he said.
#ObamacareFail pic.twitter.com/90Aixp25Oc 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would prefer to throw out Obamacare rather than fine-tune it.
“Obamacare has to be repealed and replaced ,” Trump said Tuesday.
What do you think?