Prev post Page 1 of 5 Next 
Do Doctors Treat Women’s Pain Less Seriously Than Men? There is recent evidence showing women treated differently for similar symptoms. The Yentl Syndrome 
Sometimes movies can have an impact in ways nobody who wrote or worked on the movie could possibly imagine. 
In the 1983 film “Yentl”, Barbara Streisand’s character plays the role of a male in order to receive the education she wants. Dr. Bernadine Healy used the phrase “Yentl Syndrome” in an academic paper eight years after the film was released. She used it to describe how many women died because they were misdiagnosed because their symptoms were different than men. 
Today the term Yentl Syndrome is widely used as a description of how women are more likely to be treated less aggressively than men. This is primarily because medical research has focused on the symptoms of male heart attacks, and many women have different symptoms. 
The term Yentl Syndrome has also been used in a wider context of how because women experience pain differently than men, many healthcare providers do not take the pain of a woman as seriously as they do a man. Prove You Are As Sick as a Male Patient 
In initial encounters with the health-care system, women are more likely to be treated less aggressively than men until they “prove that they are as sick as male patients”, according to a study entitled “The Girl Who Cried Pain,”. A contributing factor is that most emergency rooms in the United States do not have an attending OB-GYN. 
Women were less likely to receive aggressive treatment when diagnosed, and were more likely to have their pain characterized as “emotional” or “psychogenic” and therefore “not real” according to the study. 
These misplaced characterizations can lead to treatment for mental health issues that might not even exist in the patient. Then the situation is further complicated because antidepressants are absorbed differently in women and may have different levels of effectiveness. Prev post Page 1 of 5 Next Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment