Other Writers LD : If Hillary Clinton becomes President, expect disaster. If Trump is elected, he will have to be smarter than Putin in order to survive. Never before in American history has a presidential candidate been surrounded by so many implacable enemies baying for his blood. . . . by THE SAKER “The United States is about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of its history…. Maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Anglo-Zionist Empire in order to save the United States.” — The Saker 
Watching the last presidential debate was a rather depressing experience. I thought that Trump did pretty well, but that really is not the point here. The point is this: no matter who wins, an acute crisis is inevitable. Option one : Hillary wins 
Hillary would be Obama on steroids , only worse. 
Remember that Obama himself was Dubya, only worse. Of course, Dubya was just Clinton, only worse. Now the circle is closed. Back to Clinton. Except this time around, we have a woman who is deeply insecure, who failed at every single thing that she every tried to do, and who now has a three decades long record of disasters and failures. 
Even when she had no authority to start a war, she started one (told Bill to bomb the Serbs). Now she has that authority. And now she had to stand there, in front of millions of people, and hear Trump tell her “ Putin outsmarted you at every step of the way ” — did you see her frozen face when he said that? 
Trump is right. Putin did outsmart her and Obama, at every step. 
The problem is that now, after having a President with an inferiority complex towards Putin (Obama) we will have a President with the very same inferiority complex and a morbid determination to impose a no-fly zone over Russian forces in Syria. 
Looking at Hillary, with her ugly short hair and ridiculous pants, I thought to myself “this is a woman who is trying hard to prove that she is every bit as tough as any man” – except of course that she ain’t. Her record also shows her as being weak, cowardly and with a sense of total impunity. And now, that evil messianic lunatic with a deep-seated inferiority complex is going to become Commander in Chief?! God help us all! Option two: Trump wins 
Problem: Trump will be completely alone. 
The Neocons have total, repeat total , control of the Congress, the media, banking and finance, and the courts. From Clinton to Clinton they have deeply infiltrated the Pentagon, Foggy Bottom, and the three letter agencies. The Fed is their stronghold. How in the world will Trump deal with these rabid “ crazies in the basement “? 
Consider the vicious hate campaign which all these “personalities” (from actors to politicians to reporters) have unleashed against Trump – they have burned their bridges, they know that they will lose it all if Trump wins (and, if he proves to be an easy pushover his election will make no difference anyway). 
The Neocons have nothing to lose and they will fight to the very last one. What could Trump possibly do to get anything done if he is surrounded by Neocons and their agents of influence? Bring in an entirely different team? How is he going to vet them? His first choice was to take Pence as a VP – a disaster (he is already sabotaging Trump on Syria and the elections outcome). I dread to hear whom Trump will appoint as a White House Chief of Staff as I am afraid that just to appease the Neocons he will appoint some new version of the infamous Rahm Emanuel… And should Trump prove that he has both principles and courage, the Neocons can always “Dallas” him and replace him with Pence. Et voilà ! 
I see only one way out: The Putin model 
When Putin came to power he inherited a Kremlin every bit as corrupt and traitor-infested as the White House nowadays. As for Russia, she was in pretty much the same sorry shape as the Independent Nazi-run Ukraine. Russia was also run by bankers and Anglo-Zionist puppets and most Russians led miserable lives. The big difference is that, unlike what is happening with Trump, the Russian version of the US Neocons never saw the danger coming from Putin. He was selected by the ruling elites as the representative of the security services to serve along a representative of the big corporate money, Medvedev. This was a compromise solution between the only two parts of the Russian society which were still functioning, the security services and oil/gas money. Putin looked like a petty bureaucrat in an ill fitting suit, a shy and somewhat awkward little guy who would present no threat to the powerful oligarchs of the semibankirshchina (the Seven Bankers) running Russia. 
Except that he turned out to be one of the most formidable rulers in Russia history. 
Here is what Putin did as soon as he came to power: 
First, he re-established the credibility of the Kremlin with the armed forces and security services by rapidly and effectively crushing the Wahabi insurgency in Chechnia. This established his personal credibility with the people he would have to rely on to deal with the oligarchs. 
Second, he used the fact that everybody, every single businessman and corporation in Russia, did more or less break the law during the 1990s, if only because there really was no law. Instead of cracking down on the likes of Berezovski or Khodorkovski for their political activities, he crushed them with (absolutely true) charges of corruption. Crucially, he did that very publicly, sending a clear message to the other arch-enemy: the media. 
Third, contrary to the hallucinations of the western human rights agencies and Russian liberals, Putin never directly suppressed any dissent, or cracked down on the media or, even less so, ordered the murder of anybody. He did something much smarter. Remember that modern journalists are first and foremost presstitutes, right? By mercilessly cracking down on the oligarchs Putin deprived the presstitutes of their source of income and political support. Some emigrated to the Ukraine, others simply resigned, and a few were left like on a reservation or a zoo on a few very clearly identifiable media outlets such as Dozhd TV , Ekho Moskvy Radio or the newspaper Kommersant . Those who emigrated became irrelevant. As for those who stayed in the “liberal zoo”, they were harmless and they had no credibility left. Crucially, everybody else “got the message”. After that, all it took is the appointment a few real patriots (such as Dmitri Kiselev, Margarita Simonian and others) in key positions and everybody quickly understood that the winds of fortune had now turned. 
Fourth, once the main media outlets were returned back to sanity it did not take too long for the “liberal” (in the Russian sense, meaning pro-USA) parties to enter into a death-spiral from which they have never recovered. That, in turn, resulted in the ejection of all “liberals” form the Duma which now has only 4 parties, all of them more or less “patriotic”. 
Russia and the USA are very different countries, and no recipe can simply be copied from one to another. Still, there are valuable lessons from the “Putin model” for Trump, not the least of which that his most formidable enemies probably are sitting in the Fed. One Russian analyst – Rostislav Ishchenko – has suggested that Trump could somehow force the Fed to increase interest rates, which would result in a bankruptcy domino effect for US banks which might be the only way to finally crush the Fed and re-take control of US banking. WHAT PUTIN ACHIEVED Of brooms and body parts 
Leon Trotsky used to say the Soviet Russia needed to be cleansed from anarchists and noblemen with an “iron broom”. He even wrote an article in the Pravda entitled “We need an iron broom”. Another genocidal manic, Felix Derzhinskii, founder of the notorious ChK secret police, used to say that a secret police officer must have a “burning heart, a cool head and clean hands”. One would seek weakness, or even compassion, in vain from folks like these. These are ideology-driven “true believers”, sociopaths with no sense of empathy, profoundly evil people with a genocidal hatred of anybody standing in their way. 
Hillary Clinton and her gang of Neocons are the spiritual (and sometimes even physical) successors of the Soviet Bolsheviks and they, just like their Bolshevik forefathers, will not hesitate for a second to crush their enemies. Donald Trump – assuming he is for real and actually means what he says – has to understand that and do what Putin did: strike first and strike hard. 
Stalin, by the way, also did exactly that, and for a while the Trotskists were crushed, but in the years following Stalin’s death they gradually bounced back only to seize power again in 1991. 
I think that the jury is still out on whether Putin will succeed in finally removing the 5th columnists from power. 
What is sure is that Russia is at least semi-free from the control of (((these people))) and that the US is their last bastion right now. Their maniacal hatred of Trump can in part be explained by the sense of danger (((these folks))) feel, being threatened for the first time in what they see as (((their homeland))). 
I don’t mean that in a patriotic sense – but rather like a parasite cares for “his” host. 
And maybe (((they))) have some good reason to fear. I sure hope that they do. 
(Brackets inserted by LD) 
I am rather encouraged by the way Trump handled the latest attempt to make him cower in fear. Yesterday Trump dared to declare that since the election might be rigged or stolen he does not pledge to recognize their outcome. And even though every semi-literate person knows that elections in the USA have been rigged and stolen in the past, including Presidential ones, by saying that Trump committed a major case of crimethink . The Ziomedia pounced on him with self-righteous outrage and put immense pressure on him to retract his statement. Instead of rolling over and recanting his “crime”, Trump refused to do so. 
Beautiful no? Let’s hope he continues to show the same courage. 
Trump is now doing what Jean-Marie Le Pen did in France: he is showing the Neocons that he dares to openly defy them, that he refuses to play by their rules, that their outrage has no effect on him and that they don’t get to censor or silence him. 
That is also what he did when, yet again, he refused to accuse the Russians of cyber-attacks and, instead, repeated that it would be a good thing for Russia and the USA to be friends. 
Again, I am not sure that how long he will be able to hold that line, but for the time being there is no denying that he is openly defying the AngloZionist deep state and Empire. Conclusion The United States is about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of its history . 
If Trump is elected, he will have to immediately launch a well-planned attack against his opponents without giving them any pretext to accuse him of politically motivated repressions. 
In Russia, Putin could count on the support of the military and the security services. I don’t know whom Trump can count on, but I am fairly confident that there are still true patriots in the US armed forces. 
If Trump gets the right person to head the FBI, he might also use that agency to clean house and deliver a steady streams of indictments for corruption, conspiracy to [fill the blank], abuse of authority, obstruction of justice and dereliction of duty, etc. Since such crimes are widespread in the current circles of power, they are also easy to prove and cracking down on corruption would get Trump a standing ovation from the American people. 
Next, just as Putin in Russia, Trump will have to deal with the media. How exactly, I don’t know. But he will have to face this beast and defeat it. At every step in this process he will have to get the proactive support of the people, just like Putin does. 
Can he do it? I don’t know. Honestly, I doubt it. 
First, I still don’t trust him. But, more relevantly, I would argue that to overthrow the deep state and restore true people power is even harder in the USA than it was in Russia. 
I have always believed that the Anglo-Zionist Empire will have to be brought down from the outside, most probably by a combination of military and economic defeats. I still believe that. However, I might be wrong – in fact, I hope that I am – and maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Anglo-Zionist Empire in order to save the United States. 
If there is such a possibility, however slim, I think that we have to believe in it and act on it as all the alternatives are far worse. Source Like this? Share it now. 3 thoughts on “ Only Trump can save America now — if he can survive and follow in the footsteps of Vladimir Putin ” LD says:  27 am 
Of all the articles written on the Trump/Clinton imbroglio and the dangers that face America after the November 8 election, this is the most outstanding I have read so far. 
Firstly, it offers a neat summation of what will happen if Hillary Clinton wins: things will get worse than they have ever been before and then spiral out of control, with World War Three almost certain, given the mental instability and sheer malignancy of this female monster from hell. 
Secondly, if Trump wins, the article spells out in detail the formidable challenges that would face him — far greater in magnitude and number than the challenges facing Putin when he came to power in Russia in 1991. To succeed against his implacable enemies — the “Anglo-Zionist establishment” to quote the Saker — Trump would have to possess the fighting spirit and unique chessmaster skills of Vladimir Putin. 
Alas, even his most ardent admirers cannot possibly believe that Trump is half the man that Putin is. Indeed, the Saker ends his laudatory article of Trump with the surprising words, “I still don’t trust him.” This is because Trump is largely an unknown factor. He is the devil we don’t know. 
“The United States,” the Saker concludes on a somber note, “is about to enter on what might possibly be the most dangerous crisis of its history.”