Zach Cartwright | November 6, 2016 
A prominent Native American association is making a powerful statement about offensive sports team logos using indigenous people as mascots. 
The National Congress of American Indians (NCAI), which is behind the effort to change the names and logos of the Washington Redskins football team and the Cleveland Indians baseball team, is circulating a purposefully offensive image using other ethnicities as mascots to promote dialogue about the inappropriateness of having an ethnic stereotype as the face of a team. 
In a poster made by the NCAI, several imaginary sports teams — the New York Jews, the San Francisco Chinamen, and the actual Cleveland Indians are all seen side-by-side. The “New York Jews” mascot is a hook-nosed, bespectacled grinning face, the “San Francisco Chinamen” logo is a buck-toothed Chinese stereotype in a traditional sedge hat, and the Cleveland Indians logo is depicted next to the other two offensive images. 
The evolution of offensive portrayals of Native Americans is nothing new in sports. As Indian County Today Media Network’s Vincent Schilling reported, Chief Wahoo — the mascot of the Cleveland Indians — goes back to 1928, when the team used various depictions of a Native American man in traditional headdress for its official team logo. Between 1947 and 1951, Chief Wahoo had yellow skin. After a body was added to Chief Wahoo, the mascot’s skin color was changed to a deep crimson. The Chief Wahoo known by baseball fans today has been the Cleveland Indians’ logo since 1972. 
As the NFL season continues, pressure is increasing on the Washington Redskins to change their name and mascot, after years of pressure from indigenous groups. An op-ed posted on ESPN in 2015 argued a change in the team’s name is “ inevitable ,” saying team owner Daniel Snyder is clinging to the past. Author Mike Wise cited the example of NFL referee Mike Carey, who asked the league to not assign him to Washington Redskins games for the final years of his career, saying he didn’t want to take part in disrespecting Native Americans. 
Sports fans are pushing the change the names of the teams through online petitions. A MoveOn.org petition asking the Redskins to change their name has garnered nearly 8,000 signatures as of this writing, and a Change.org petition to Cleveland Indians owner Larry Dolan asking the team to retire the Chief Wahoo logo has nearly 14,000 signatures. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected]