October 30, 2016 
David Cameron has announced plans to curb the flood of European migrant workers, specifically mythological 4th-century Greek bishops, from invading our homes. The Prime Minister has promised to apply an ‘emergency brake’ on rotund present-givers who have been sneaking across our borders with the aid of a magical flying sleigh and a blithe disregard for passport control. 
A Home Office spokeswoman said: ‘We need to beware of Greeks bearing gifts – or pretty much anyone from Eastern Europe – smelling of mince pies. We can’t just have quasi-mystical figures coming over here, parking their clapped-out reindeer wherever they want, stealing our low-wage jobs – jobs which could easily be filled by a British Druid or Boggart – and blackmailing hard-working British families into plying them with sherry.’ 
Some children have expressed their disappointment that the festive season will be minus one pivotal figure. Yet Mr Cameron has committed to an in/out referendum, in 2017, over whether stockings will be filled. Tory backbencher Bernard Jenkin has suggested Parliament pass a law introducing a cap on beards, rosy cheeks and Polish tooth fairies, while a tweeted offer from former minister Brooks Newmark to ‘fill your stockings any time you like, sweetie pie’ was hastily withdrawn, as indeed was Mr Newmark himself. 
Outgoing European Commission head, Jose Manuel Barroso, has warned of the ‘historic mistake’ the UK would make if it outlawed Father Christmas. ‘The UK signed up to the laws of the EU, which specifically permit the free movement of labour,’ he said. ‘Any traffic infringements Santa may commit are a matter for the international air traffic control authorities.’ 
However Nigel Farage countered: ‘Santa has long be associated with increased crime, elf trafficking and prostitutes – or ‘ho ho ho’s’, as he calls them. Arbitrarily deciding who is naughty or nice is just the sort of thing a European bureaucrat would support. And it’s typical of those Eastern Europeans that he only works seasonally, then swans off back to Lappland, wherever that is, leaving us to clear up the mess. We propose to simply keep white Christmas white, you know what I mean’.   30th, 2016 by Wrenfoe   Wrenfoe