Sky News: Kay Burley, 55 interviews Nigel Farage 
Nigel Farage: 
The Labour Party, historically, was there to look after working communities in this country, and it's given all of that up in favor of an open door to southern and eastern Europe. 
Sky News Female: 
But isn't that racist? 
Nigel Farage: 
I don't think it is. No. I don't think it can be deemed as such in any way. 
But we've never in our history had a complete open door, and now we have one to 485 million people. 
I don't think, in terms of common sense, that really adds up. 
Sky News Female: 
But if you're a 'racist', according to the Oxford English dictionary, it means that you have or are showing the belief that a particular race is superior to another. 
Presumably, if you're saying that British people should have jobs above east Europeans, you're suggesting that they're superior and, as a result, that's racist. 
Nigel Farage: 
Well, actually, this is a big argument in London amongst the Afro-Caribbean community, fifty percent of whose youngsters haven't got jobs. 
And that same survey that was done recently showed over 60% of the settled ethnic minorities in this country also believe that we have got to have some degree of control. So this crosses all boundaries within this country. 
Sky News Female: 
OK, you're getting bogged down in the figures, again. 
And, as I said, remember to what happened to Mr Clegg when he did that. [hand gesture] 
I've given you the definition of 'racist'. [hand gesture] 
You've told me what you thought about the fact that British workers should have a superior chance of getting a job above European workers, whether they're from eastern Europe or whatever, and that is quite simply a 'racist' comment. 
Nigel Farage: 
No, it isn't. It is a job of the British government, firstly, to defend the realm and, secondly, to put the interests of the people that live in this country, first. 
That's what we should be doing, and I'm afraid we've turned out backs on that over the course of the last few years, which has led to much, much unhappiness among millions of families. 
... 
How can anyone take more of this ludicrous 'racist' propaganda any longer? 
What they refer to as 'racism' is protection of the vital interests of oneself and of one's own kind, in one's own land. 
As if an Afro-Caribbean settlement belongs in any normal European society? 
As if European interests may only be defended using the shield of the interests of the non-European invaders themselves? 
How can European man not see this for what it is, and how can European man allow himself to be subjugated to this degree?