We Are Change 
Early Wednesday morning, Two Iowa police officers were ambushed and shot and killed in two separate ambush style attacks.
Police from Urbandale and Des Moines departments responded to a report of gunfire at the intersection of 70th Street and Aurora Avenue at approximately 1:06 a.m according to local news DesmoinesRegister. 
Officers have not yet identified a suspect or suspects in the shootings and have not identified the deceased officers that were murdered.
One unnamed officer was found dead by fellow officers in Urbandale, at the intersection of 70th Street according to a press conference by Police Sgt. Paul Parizek.
Following by a second officer found in Des Moines, Merle Hay Road both roads and surrounding roads are closed off.
Both officers were gunned down in their squad cars.
Video has emerged of one of the crime scenes at 70th and Aurora.
The scene of the first shooting at 70th and Aurora where an officer was found shot early Wed morning. Some officers in combat gear here. pic.twitter.com/SJEUY4B3gh 
— Brian Powers (@bpowersphoto) November 2, 2016 

Police Sgt. Paul Parizek addressed the press and citizens of Iowa stating there is a clear and present danger if you’re a police officer. He believes the shootings were targeted.
“There’s literally a clear and present danger if you’re a police officer,”
~Police Sgt. Paul Parizek, said.
“I don’t even know where to begin on how bad this year is but this is what we do. We come in day in and day out, we go out there and provide the same level of service regardless of what’s going on in our personal and professional lives.”
~Police Sgt. Paul Parizek, said.
Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad released this statement Wednesday, morning.
“An attack on public safety officers is an attack on the public safety of all Iowans. We call on Iowans to support our law enforcement officials in bringing this suspect to justice. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the police officers who were tragically killed in the line of duty as well as the officers who continue to put themselves in harm’s way.”
~Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, said, in a statement.
https://twitter.com/TerryBranstad/status/793773450670198785?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
Condolences started pouring in on twitter from all over including the Orlando police department’s twitter account which tweeted out – “Our hearts are broken for @ DMPolice @ UrbandalePolice – an officer from each agency shot & killed in ambush attacks in their cars overnight.”
Our hearts are broken for @DMPolice @UrbandalePolice – an officer from each agency shot & killed in ambush attacks in their cars overnight. https://t.co/d29JxiBGjX 
— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) November 2, 2016 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to @UrbandalePolice and @DMPolice officers and their families. pic.twitter.com/4ksZakXk1E 
— Ames Police (@AmesPolice) November 2, 2016 

(THIS IS DEVELOPING STORY WE WILL UPDATE AS MORE INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE.)
 
 
 
 
The post AMBUSH! Two Iowa Police Officers Dead Man Hunt Underway appeared first on We Are Change .