This morning a colleague asked if I had a prediction on the election. Of course, trying to predict the outcome today is a fool’s errand. I won’t even take a stab at it. Like literally everyone else in the country, I have no idea what is going to happen when results start flooding in.
And that’s what I said.
Then the conversation transitioned to one of us both picking a state we think the unthinkable might happen in. I chose Michigan .
Call it a hunch. Call it a feeling. Or call it hope. Whatever the case, I feel something special may happen in Michigan tonight and Donald Trump may be the benefactor.
I see a couple reasons for this. First, Michigan has no early voting. Right out of the gate this causes problems for Democrats and their heavy use (or abuse in many cases) of early voting. Democrats struggle with getting voters out on a single day, something Republicans tend to not only do well, but actually favor as traditionalists.
Second, Michigan has been hit hard by Democrat policy for decades. And Democrats can’t squirm their way out of blame on it. The collapse is on their shoulders. They know it, we know it and Michigan’s electorate knows it.
Third, Republicans have enjoyed a lot of recent success across Michigan. Michigan Republicans have been winning a lot of local, federal and statewide races as of late.
Fourth, the Trump campaign got wind of something that sent them to campaign heavily across Michigan in the final weeks leading up to today. It’s possible they just wanted to force Clinton to spend time and money up there, but I think it’s more likely they see something internally that suggests the state is in play.
Fifth, Bernie Sanders almost beat Clinton in Michigan. Her core support there is shaky at best.
Turns out my hunch may be proving possible in terms of voter turnout so far today. Indeed, there are wide scale reports of record turnout across Michigan.
Frank Luntz tweeted out saying the working-class turnout is extremely high and the Governor said “it looks like this precinct has had a lot of people turn out. I hope that happens throughout Michigan” following his vote earlier today.
Twitter is full of reports of long lines and busy precincts, many of which are in parts of the state Democrats don’t have full control over.
Will it be enough? Maybe not. But in August Clinton led the average of Michigan polls by 9.5%. Today her lead is within the margin of error.
Meaning that yes, Michigan is completely up for grabs. And it turns out there is a good chance Trump comes out with a win.
CLICK HERE FOR OUR REAL TIME RESULTS