Another astonishing Security Council (SC) report circulating in the Kremlin today states that the Main Directorate for Migration Affairs (GUVM) of the Ministry of Internal Affairs (MVD) reported this morning that former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman, who last week applied for “urgent and immediate” political asylum at the Russian Embassy in New York City, failed to keep his scheduled interview yesterday—with speculation being made by Federation intelligence analysts that his having gone missing is “directly related” to the mysterious and sudden death of Donald Trump’s top money guru E. Lee Hennessee. [Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]
According to this report, Mr. Braverman was scheduled to return to the Russian Embassy in New York City yesterday for an in-depth interview related to the request he made last week for “urgent and immediate” political asylum in Russia—and as we had previously reported, sent shockwaves through the Kremlin as some Federation intelligence analysts believed his request was for the purpose of “protection by publicity” due to his fears that the Clinton Crime Family wanted him killed.
Fears that he was being targeted for death by the Clinton Crime Family, specifically Hillary Clinton, this report continues, was due to Mr. Braverman’s past association with the Clinton Foundation criminal money laundering organization that he headed as CEO after being installed there by Chelsea Clinton who discovered for herself the massive corruption of this supposed to be charity.
With the American press widely reporting (though skeptically) Mr. Braverman’s asylum request (“a simple “here I am” could quiet the waters – but there has been none”), however, this report notes, Federation intelligence analysts contributing to this report note that not only did he fail to keep yesterday’s interview date at the Russian Embassy in New York City, he has yet to publically deny his actions, and since 12 October has failed to even update his Twitter page account.
To why Mr. Braverman has gone silent and missing, this report continues, the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) is attributing to yet another Clinton Crime Family related mysterious death—this one being Donald Trump’s longtime billionaire money guru E. Lee Hennessee, age 64, found dead this past week in her Trump Plaza home, located in West Palm Beach, Florida—with one media account suggesting it was related to a domestic harm case involving her husband and longtime business partner, and another saying she died of a stroke—but with no autopsy having yet been performed.
Donald Trump’s money guru E. Lee Hennessee, this report explains, was one of the most powerful women financiers on Wall Street whose company, Hennessee Group LLC, achieved a staggering 2,132% increase of profits between 1987-2015 and was co-run by her husband Charles Gradante.
As to why Hillary Clinton feared and hated E. Lee Hennessee, this report says, is due to her having created for Donald Trump an “extraordinary/unique” investment portfolio that, in essence, has allowed him to run his revolutionary presidential campaign entirely debt free costing him virtually nothing as for every dollar he spent, he was able to gain back two more—thus making it the first US presidential election run in history to turn a profit.
With what is infamously called the Clinton Body Count rapidly increasing through this US presidential election cycle, this report concludes, there now appears to be a breaking of support of Hillary Clinton among America’s elites, with even the Chicago Tribune this past week saying Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside as the American political system is breaking down and their warning that it’s been crumbling for some time now, and the establishment elite know it and they’re properly frightened—and is most assuredly going to get worse with the shocking revelation that the FBI has now discovered a staggering 650,000 Hillary Clinton secret emails on the computer of her top aide Huma Abedin’s disgraced pedophile husband Anthony Weiner.
Source