While Donald Rakes In Donations From Poor Supporters, His Wealthy Kids Give ZILCH (VIDEO) By Ellen Brodsky on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
If money talks, the Trump kids’ lack of donations to their father’s presidential campaign speaks volumes. Despite the fact that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s children are frequent surrogates for their father, they have not dug into their wallets for his White House run. 
According to The Daily Beast , the sum total of donations from Trump’s four adult children is $376.20. That amount came from Eric Trump and was described as an in-kind donation for meals. But he was reimbursed the same amount that same day. 
The Trump kids have donated large sums for political causes in the past. According to a 2015 report by OpenSecrets.org : Daughter Ivanka Trump has donated over $130,000 to Republicans and Democrats; Son Donald Trump, Jr. has donated more than $80,000 to candidates and committees from both sides of the aisle; Son Eric Trump has given approximately $51,000, mostly to Republicans, and Trump’s youngest daughter, Tiffany Trump, is not listed in the report. 
It’s not just Trump’s family that has refrained from donating to his campaign. Also missing from the Trump-donor rolls, according to The Daily Beast , are such prominent surrogates as Rudy Giuliani, Ben Carson, and Newt Gingrich. 
Meanwhile, The Daily Beast also notes, Trump is raking in lots of dough from small contributors: “When the Trump campaign began soliciting online donations in June , the candidate asked for a paltry $10 from each contributor—an appeal his millionaire kids didn’t respond to. The request resulted in a quick $3 million haul from his supporters though. And by September, Trump had paid his own businesses around $8.2 million , comprised of rent, food, and facilities and payroll for corporate staffers. He even used tens of thousands of dollars in campaign donations to buy copies of his own book .” 
Maybe Trump’s inner circle hasn’t donated because they know where the money’s really going. 
The Young Turks’ Cenk Uygur explains further how Trump uses campaign donations to line his own pockets: 
Watch this interview with the entire Trump clan : 

Featured Image: Screenshot Via YouTube Video. About Ellen Brodsky 
Ellen Brodsky is a long time blogger for NewsHounds.us and a contributor to Crooks and Liars. She has also worked as a researcher for Brave New Films' landmark documentary, "Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism" and "Iraq for Sale." Connect