After Trump’s Prediction Was Brushed Off Over A Year Ago, It JUST Came TRUE Posted on October 30, 2016 by Dawn Parabellum in Politics Share This 
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump made a prediction over a year ago that many brushed aside. Most people, even those on the right, didn’t believe the billionaire and real estate mogul at the time, but now that his prediction has been proven correct, many are changing their tune about Trump and actually listening to what he has to say. Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump 
Donald Trump doesn’t always say things in the most eloquent of ways. He often speaks what’s on his mind with no filter and doesn’t seem to care much about who he offends. His politically incorrect way of speaking causes too many to disregard what he has to say, but that’s all about to change after what just happened. Trump called this one over a year ago, and now, thanks to Hillary’s email scandal, he’s been proven accurate. 
The FBI announced Friday that it had uncovered new emails relating to its investigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information. This was discovered while conducting a separate investigation into the perverted and disgusting sexting habits of former Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner, who is the estranged husband of Hillary’s closest aide, Huma Abedin, who is also front and center in Hillary Clinton’s email scandals. 
Donald Trump saw this coming from a mile away, pointing fingers at Weiner as a potential national security threat all the way back in August of 2015. “It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “ Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world. ” Trump has been now been proven right. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 3, 2015 
It looks like the Donald does know a thing or two about politics and corrupt Democrats. In July, Trump said he didn’t like the thought of “Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets.” Trump also sounded the alarm about Weiner as early September 2013, when he wrote that Huma should “dump the sicko Weiner” because he was “a calamity who is bringing her down with him.” Trump in July: “I don’t like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets” pic.twitter.com/ksqWCQ4iAd 
— Colin Jones (@colinjones) October 28, 2016 
Donald Trump’s accurate prediction is sure to make waves in the political scene. It turns out that Weiner may bring down himself, his wife, and Hillary Clinton all at once. It never pays to be a perverted and corrupt Democrat. 
Hillary Clinton cannot seem to surround herself with anyone who is not neck deep in scandals and disturbing behavior. It’s kind of funny that it’s now been revealed that she should have listened to Donald Trump long ago. I bet that doesn’t make her very happy at all.