Comments 
The woman accusing Trump of raping her when she was just thirteen years old at one of convicted pedophile Jeffery Epstein’s notorious underage sex parties was all set to come forward tonight to tell her story – but backed out at the last moment, saying that she had “received threats” and feared for her life. Lisa Bloom just said her client was “living in fear” and did not want to show her face and ended the press conference. 
— Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) November 2, 2016 
The pressures that face the female accusers of powerful white men couldn’t be more clear right now. One of Trump’s sexual assault accusers has already fled the country due to threats from his rabid supporters.“ We feel the backlash of the Trump supporters. It scares us. It intimidates us. We are in fear of our lives,” said Mindy McGillivray, who said Trump groped her at a party. “I look out the window and there are cars just driving around the house and looking, slowing down right at the house. I don’t live in a gated community. This is dangerous. There could be people out there who want to hurt us.’’ 
The pressure to stay silent comes just as strong from the Trump camp itself – just look at how Michael Cohen, special counsel for the Trump Organization, responded to Daily Beast when they called asking for comment on a story about how Trump raped then-wife Ivana Trump in a painful and brutal fashion: 
I will make sure that you and I meet one day while we’re in the courthouse. And I will take you for every penny you still don’t have. And I will come after your Daily Beast and everybody else that you possibly know. So I’m warning you, tread very fucking lightly, because what I’m going to do to you is going to be fucking disgusting. You understand me?” 
“You write a story that has Mr. Trump’s name in it, with the word ‘rape,’ and I’m going to mess your life up… for as long as you’re on this frickin’ planet… you’re going to have judgments against you, so much money, you’ll never know how to get out from underneath it.’ 
Which begs the question, why so defensive if there is nothing to hide, Mr. Trump? 
Donald Trump’s followers are some of the lowest, most hateful scum to ever tarnish American soil. Klansmen, neo-Nazis, white supremacists. They send death threats to anyone who dares to speak out against him – if you’re lucky. You could receive horrifying, personalized attacks like a Jewish writer for the National Review did: 
Given the ease with which Trump supporters will bring violence on the innocent , it is no wonder that these women are reluctant to come forward. This is the culture of fear that Donald Trump has created – and one which will consume our whole nation if we somehow let him become President. 
Watch attorney Lisa Bloom give her remarks here: Statement on Trump accuser becoming too afraid to show her face. “She is living in fear,” lawyer Lisa Bloom said. pic.twitter.com/demwISRtAX