SNOWFLAKE: Colbert Didn’t Want To Write Jokes About Trump Winning By: Hank Berrien November 21, 2016 
Conversing with fellow Daily Show “comic” John Oliver at the Montclair Film Festival on Saturday night, Late Show unfunny host Stephen Colbert admitted that he couldn’t even conceive that Donald trump would win the presidency; so much so that he couldn’t write jokes bout Trump winning for election night. 
In the roughly two-hour discussion and Q&A titled “Wow, That Was Weird,” Montclair Film Festival executive director Tom Hall set the somber tone by allowing, "When we planned this evening, I think we all thought we'd be looking back with laughter instead of looking forward with deep concern about the uncertainty we face." 
Speaking of the Late Show ’s Election Night special on Showtime, Colbert admitted that the staff was prepared for every result of the election except the one that actually transpired: 
There was not a bear big enough in the world that we weren't loaded for. We were so loaded for every possible eventuality. We had so many guests. We had so many pre-taped pieces, all based on a different eventuality. We had three shows: Hillary Clinton wins and we know; Hillary Clinton wins and we don’t know, because it’s not called before the show’s over; Donald Trump's going to win and we don’t know, because everyone said he had such a narrow path to victory. That's not wishful thinking, that's what everyone was saying. 
And then there was the last show, which is the show we did, which is Donald Trump is going to win and we know he's going to win. My execs and my writers were like, “You don't want to write something for that?” and I'm like, “No! There is nothing you can write. You don't understand. I have 400 people in my theater. If we know Donald Trump is going to win, it's going to be like doing stand-up comedy for one of those Chilean soccer stadiums where the villagers watch you execute one of the natives. There will be no laughter!” We only did about 20 minutes of material before we went, “F— it, it's going to be him, let's just talk for another hour.” So I think we have two and a half whole shows that you will never see of material that we had to kill that night. 
Colbert moaned that the special was "the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," adding, "I was tying my tie at 10:30 and I went, 'Oh, he took Ohio. Oh, well, we expected that. He took it by 11 points. Wow! That's not expected.' And then over my guests' shoulders, people kept holding up signs that said, 'Florida, Iowa, Nebraska.'" He revealed that numerous fake commercials were prepared, but "none of them were appropriate once we knew we were playing to an audience of the condemned. Our audience was sobbing openly. And those are people who work for me, like my cameramen." 
As Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro pointed out years ago , Colbert's manipulative act has been laced with hatred of conservatives: 
He engages in Conservativeface. He needs no makeup or bulbous appendage to play a conservative – after all, conservatives come in every shape and size. Instead, he acts as though he is a conservative – an idiotic, racist, sexist, bigoted, brutal conservative. He out-Archie Bunkers Archie Bunker. His audience laughs and scoffs at brutal religious “Colbert” who wishes to persecute gays; they chortle at evil sexist “Colbert” who thinks men are victims of sexism. This is the purpose of Colbert’s routine. His show is about pure hatred for conservatives in the same way that blackface was about pure hatred of blacks. In order to justify their racism, racists had to create a false perception of blacks; in the same way, Colbert and his audience can justify their racism only by creating a false perception of conservatives. 
On Saturday night, Colbert waxed eloquent over his fear of a Trump presidency, arguing, "I’m all for giving him a chance, but don’t give him an inch. Because I believed everything he said, and I remember everything he said. And it’s horrifying. It's possible. The job changes a man. That's the cliche of the presidency." He pontificated: 
Every president tries to achieve what they promised and you can say, “Well, there are levers of power in Washington that can slow him down.” But two things: One is they're cowards. Second is that the levers in Washington are apparently merely attached to blinking red lights that make the people happy when they pull. Because they tried to stop Trump. Everybody tried to stop Trump, do not delude yourself. 
Everyone except the people he's going to appoint tried to stop him and they didn't. He owes them nothing. He goes out on the balcony and he says to the crowd, “Shall I do it?” And they say, '”Yes.” And he says, “It shall be so.” And the balcony is Twitter. He goes onto Twitter and he goes, “What do you think? Do you think I'm right?” That's what scares me, that he owes the checks and balances of Washington nothing because they tried to stop him and they couldn't. And he's a vindictive person. So it's all going to be fine. Merry Christmas. “No! There is nothing you can write." Stephen Colbert 
Colbert concluded, "The next person who says to me, 'You must be happy on a certain level,’ is going to have their eye carved out.” 
So that’s the man underneath the comedy mask . . .