Share This 
Although the vandal who thought it was “cool” to destroy Donald Trump’s Hollywood star looked pretty comfortable making a video from the comfort of his own home, that can’t be said for him today. In fact, it seems that the idiot just got exactly what he deserved – and that’s not even the real kicker. 
Yesterday, Mad World News reported on James Otis, the man who was recorded destroying Trump’s star on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles, California and stealing the two plaques that were in the concrete. Of course, he later stated that the two stolen objects would be auctioned off on election day with the proceeds promised to Trump’s so-called “victims.” 
Proving to be a cocky moron, Otis gave an itinerary, saying that he wanted to deliver a few remarks at the location of his crime at 9:30 this morning. Unfortunately for him, things didn’t go according to plan as the man just got exactly what he deserved. Donald Trump’s Hollywood star before (left) and after (right) James Otis destroyed it 
Although Otis had promised to turn himself in today, Deadline reports that police tracked him down and arrested him before he could use the incident to further himself any more. Unfortunately for him, the news got even worse when he was officially slapped with a felony vandalism charge. Oh, and that little “auction” he was going to have isn’t going to happen since police confiscated at least one of the plaques, which they found stashed in Otis’s car: Police confiscated at least one part of the plaque (Source: TMZ ) 
The real kicker came next, though. Since damages were valued at over $400 , Otis is facing up to 3 years in jail and more than $10,000 in fines. Of course, Otis didn’t seem to mind facing the consequences – until, that is, he heard what he’d actually earned. James Otis 
In fact, he only made himself out to be more of an idiot during an interview with the Los Angeles Daily News when he said, “I was just so fed up, so saddened and fed up by Mr. Trump and how he continues to denigrate women, and he continues to joke and make fun about sexual violence and his own exploits against women.” 
Clearly uninformed on the truth, he then added , “It’s just a big joke to him. I have children; I have many women in my life who don’t think it’s a joke. But he does.” He continued, “He lies about it, he shuffles and I don’t see, there’s no reason to believe at all that it will ever stop now. He’ll continue to do this, he’ll continue to make women suffer. So that’s what I’d tell him. “You need help. Please understand that.” Trump’s star is already being repaired (Source: Breitbart ) 
Otis doesn’t even understand that what he did wasn’t really any big deal. As of right now, the star is being replaced. Furthermore, destroying that property didn’t do a darn thing to Trump since it wasn’t his property – it was the states. In short, he just cost the American taxpayer more money because now we have to fix it. 
That’s the problem with the entitled mentality these days – it doesn’t matter to them who they hurt in the process. Of course, coming off looking like an idiot sure can’t feel good, but he’ll get a nice long time to think about that while he’s rotting in prison for a few years.