The fire of Notre Dame was the work of the Luciferian New World Order (NWO) as an intended attack on Christiandom. The proof is the series of profanations and destruction of churches in Europe in the last years, 1.063 of them only in France in 2018: on average, 3 attacks per day. Nobody said these were accidents, but it is hardly a surprise that authorities claim now that the fire in Notre Dame was accidental because this is how the NWO operates. The Islamic State launched a campaign calling to attack in Easter; some witnesses affirmed to have heard explosions in the temple before it started burning; president Macron – a former employee of the Rothschilds - suspended an important speech intended to address the protests of the “yellow vests” that have been cornering his government for months; and fire fighting airplanes were not used despite the advice of US president Donald Trump.

It is impossible, in the era of technology, that a fire could break out by accident, and a large number of witnesses heard an explosion at the church as it started to burn. The firefighters did not use hydroplanes to put out the fire. President Macron, an employee of the Rotschilds, cancelled an important speech. And the day of the fire (April 15, 2019): 4+1+5+2+0+1+9 equals 22, a multiple of 11 - a number present in most mega-attacks. The timing coincides with the beginning of the Celtic month of the willows; the month of Witches, which culminates with the heathen Walpurgis Night on the 30 April - the eve of the foundation of the Illuminati Sect.

The fire of Notre Dame has an obvious parallel to 9/11, and not only because of the similarity between its architecture of two towers together, but also with the number 11, so important to occult symbolism. The destruction of the Twin Towers was the assault on an economic symbol, which was followed a few years later by a devastating economic crisis. It is not difficult to imagine what the attack on the Christian symbol of Notre Dame, the most famous cathedral in the world, means: an intensification of the persecution of Christianity that we are already suffering in the West.  The fire of Notre Dame is the 9/11 of Christianity.

The signs are obvious - this is work of the Satanic New World Order. We are at the gates of a total Armageddon. The New World Order will stage a new Catholic holocaust, which is overwhelmingly prophesied in countless stories - including the Protestant - on the final Apocalypse, where we will be judged.